i love you turn my headphone down a little bit, yeah for so many reasons yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah , yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah, ah, ah, woah, woah, woah, yeah how much money you got?  how much money you got?  how much money you got?  how much money you got?  how much money you got?  how many problems you got?  how many people done doubted you?  left you out to rot?  how many pray that you flop?  how many lawyers you got?  how many times you got shot?  how many niggas you shot?  how many times did you ride?  how many niggas done died?  how many times did you cheat?  how many times did you lie?  how many times did she leave?  how many times did she cry?  how many chances she done gave you fuckin around with these thots?  every day that i'm alive, ima ride with the stick i'd rather be broke in jail than be dead and rich told my brothers take my breath if i turn to a snitch but i'm 21 4l, aint no way i'ma switch break it down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down penitentiary chances just to make a couple bucks my heart so cold i could put it in my cup gang vs. the world, me and my dawg, it was us then you went and wrote a statement, and that really fucked me up my brother lost his life and it turned me to a beast my brother got life and it turned me to the streets i been through the storm and it turned me to a g but the other side was sunny, i get paid to rap on beats how much money you got?  how many problems you got?  how many people done doubted you?  left you out to rot?  how many pray that you flop?  how many lawyers you got?  how many times you got shot?  how many niggas you shot?  how many times did you ride?  how many niggas done died?  how many times did you cheat?  how many times did you lie?  how many times did she leave?  how many times did she cry?  how many chances she done gave you? fuck around with these thots  break it on down, i break it on down i break it on down, i break it on down yeah, i just came from the a i drove back home, six-hour drive, six-and-a-half before i left, i stopped by to see my nigga 21 in the studio he had two of his kids with him right in the studio, that's when i knew you a stand-up nigga, i love seein' shit like that question how many faking they streams?  getting they plays from machines?  i can see behind the smoke and mirrors niggas ain't really big as they seem  i never say anything , everybody got they thing  some niggas make millions, other niggas make memes  i'm on a money routine i don't want smoke, i want cream i don't want no more comparisons this is a marathon and im aware i been playing it back from a lack of promotions i never was one for the bragging and boasting i guess i was hoping the music would speak for itself, but the people want everything else okay, no problem, ill show up on everyone album you know what the outcome will be i'm batting a thousand its got to the point that these rappers don't even like rappin' with me fuck it 'cause my nigga 21 savage just hit me and told me he saved me a spot on a new record he got he call it a lot, i open my book and i jot pray for tekashi, they want him to rot i picture him inside a cell on a cot flectin' on how he made it to the top wondering if it was worth it or not i pray for markelle 'cause they fucked up his shot just want you to know that you got it, my nigga though i never met you, i know that you special and that the lord blessed you, don't doubt it, my nigga dennis smith, jr., stay solid, my nigga i'm on a tangent, not how i planned it i had some fans that hopped and abandoned ship when they thought that i wasn't gon' pan out, i got a plan they say that success is the greatest revenge, tell all your friends cole on a mission, cementin' the spot as the greatest that did it before it all ends, nigga how much money you got?  how many problems you got?  how many people done doubted you?  left you out to rot?  how many pray that you flop?  how many lawyers you got?  how many times you got shot?  how many niggas you shot?  how many times did you ride?  how many niggas done died?  how many times did you cheat?  how many times did you lie?  how many times did she leave?  how many times did she cry?  how many chances she done gave you? fuck around with these thots  break it on down, i break it on down i break it on down, i break it on down i break it down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down i break it on down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down i break it down, i break it down, i br-