i don't mind lettin' you down easy, but just give it time if it don't hurt now, but just wait, just wait awhile you're not the big fish in the pond no more you are what they're feedin' on so what are you gonna do when the world don't orbit around you? ooh, uh, uh so what are you gonna do when the world don't orbit around you? ain't it fun livin' in the real world? ain't it good bein' all alone? where you're from you might be the one who's runnin' things well, you could ring anybody's bell and get what you want see, it's easy to ignore trouble when you're livin' in a bubble so what are you gonna do when the world don't orbit around you? mm, uh, uh so what are you gonna do when nobody wants to fool with you? oh, oh, oh, uh, uh ain't it fun livin' in the real world? ain't it good bein' all alone? ain't it good to be on your own? ain't it fun you can't count on no one? ain't it good to be on your own? ain't it fun you can't count on no one? ain't it fun livin' in the real world? don't go cryin' to your mama 'cause you're on your own in the real world don't go cryin' to your mama 'cause you're on your own in the real world don't go cryin' to your mama 'cause you're on your own in the real world don't go cryin' to your mama 'cause you're on your own in the real world ain't it fun? ain't it fun? baby, now you're one of us ain't it fun? ain't it fun? ain't it fun? ain't it fun livin' in the real world? ain't it good? ain't it good bein' all alone? ain't it fun livin' in the real world? 'cause the world don't orbit around you ain't it good? ain't it good bein' all alone? ah, ah don't go cryin' to your mama  'cause you're on your own in the real world  don't go cryin' to your mama  'cause you're on your own  in the real world  don't go cryin' to your mama  'cause you're on your own this is the real world don't go cryin'  to your mama  'cause you're on your own  in the real world this is the real world  this is the real world  don't go cryin'  in the real world oh  oh  'cause you're on your own 'cause you're on your own in the real world don't go cryin' don't you go, don't you go cryin' don't go cryin' you're on your own don't go cryin' don't, don't, don't go cryin' to your mama don't go cryin' don't you cry