yo, mic check, one-two, one-two we in the house yeah, come on 1992, tlc kickin' off in your mother bleep  so ya best be duckin' fast  yo, t-boz, is ya being a boss?  chilli, what's up wit' dat sauce? this is it yo, t, step on that   thinkin' short of what you got better get it while it's hot ain't no better love than your own unmistakin' urge to be sexin' with society how can you be happy alone? hey, hey i need to feel loved why wait for so long? 'cause i ain't too proud to beg for something that i call my own and i want to be touched and feeling so much, see, 'cause everybody needs some good lovin' yo, if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', just join the paddywagon, 'cause  screamin' loud and holdin' sheets scared that you'll be called a freak gotta let it go while you can ain't too proud to beg, you see 'cause my man belongs to me and i know that he understands i need to feel loved  why wait for so long? 'cause i ain't too proud to beg for something that i call my own and i want to be touched  and feeling so much, see, 'cause everybody needs some good lovin' yo, if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', just join the paddywagon, 'cause i ain't too proud to beg, i ain't too proud to beg yo, if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', everybody join the paddywagon, 'cause  yo, left eye, kick that shit realize the realism of reality treats us both the same 'cause satisfaction is the name of this game so i choose to explain, it's evident left eye don't mean the rest of my body is irrelevant in other words, let's refresh your head about pullin' down curtains and breakin' the waterbed yeah, i like it when you kiss both sets of lips ooooooohhh... on the tlc tip i ain't too proud to beg  what i call my own  just you and me  hey i ain't too proud to beg, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey i ain't too proud, i ain't too proud, i ain't too proud to beg i need to feel loved  why wait for so long?  'cause i ain't too proud to beg for something that i call my own  and i want to be touched  and feeling so much, see, 'cause  everybody needs some good lovin'  yo, if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', just join the paddywagon, 'cause  yo, if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', just join the paddywagon, 'cause i ain't too proud to beg, i ain't too proud to beg yo, if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  and if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', just join the paddywagon, 'cause i ain't too proud to beg, i ain't too proud to beg if i need it in the morning or the middle of the night  what i call my own if the lovin' is strong then he got it goin' on and...  two inches or a yard, rock hard or if it's saggin'  so it ain't like i'm braggin', just join the paddywagon, 'cause  i ain't too proud to beg   i ain't too proud to beg  i ain't too proud to beg  said i ain't too proud to beg i ain't too proud to beg  i ain't too proud to beg  i ain't too proud to beg  i ain't too proud to beg   i ain't too proud to beg  tlc isn't too proud to beg