yeah, yeah  baby, is you drunk? is you had enough? are you here lookin' for love? ooh, ooh got the club goin' crazy all these bitches, but my eyes on you is you somebody's baby? if you ain't, girl, what we gon' do? if your ego need it, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah  give it all up for you right now we got the club goin' crazy all eyes, all eyes on you she was the baddest, i was the realest  we was the flyest, up in the buildin'  we was countin' this money, lovin' the feelin'  look at you now, in love with a hitta  but now it's all eyes on me , and it all lies on me  to say somethin' to your pretty ass some hood shit, what you lookin' at?  'cause i'm good for that, birkin bags, i'm good for that  might just be your plug for that  you might fall in love with that, got love for that  what's your name? who you with? where you from? you the shit choose and pick, get the right one all these chicks, you got to like one  all these hits, you got to like one all these bottles, got the lights up  all these models, got the right one what you gon' do? hide or run? woah  you ready? baby, is you drunk? is you had enough? are you here lookin' for love? ooh, ooh got the club goin' crazy all these bitches, but my eyes on you is you somebody's baby? if you ain't, girl, what we gon' do?  if your ego need it, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah  give it all up for you right now we got the club goin' crazy all eyes, all eyes on you verse 2 nicki minaj, meek mill  yo, he was the realest, i was the baddest, we was the illest when he approached me, i said, yo, what the deal is? in and out them dealers, rockin' chinchillas i got him in the back of that 'bach, i think he catchin' feelings  now it's all eyes on us, and this all lies on trust and if them bitches wanna trip, tell 'em they tour guide's on us this kitty cat on reclusive, he duck, duckin' them gooses i put him on to that new-new, now he only fuck with exclusives he was like,  what's your name?  my name nick where you from? new york in this bitch choose and pick , you got the right one all them hoes, ain't nothin' like them nigga, you know you'd never wife them none of them niggas ain't never hit this still at the top of all they hit lists what they gon' do? meek and nick yeah, baby, is you drunk? is you had enough? are you here lookin' for love? ooh, ooh got the club goin' crazy all these hittas, but my eyes on you is you somebody's baby?  if you ain't, boy, what we gon' do? if your ego need it, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah  give it all up for you right now we got the club goin' crazy all eyes, all eyes on you she was the baddest, he was the realest  we was the fliest, we was the illest  i was the realest, i was the baddest  we was the fliest, up in the buildin'