int. bar bojack is sitting at the bar counter. bartender say when. bojack's cup overflows. bojack when. a girl sitting in the back of the bar is talking on the phone. girl yeah, you'll never guess who's here. think 90s. no, bojack horseman from horsin' around. no, i mean he got a little fatter, but it's definitely him. he looks really sad. it's hilarious.  get over here, now! bojack gets a call from princess carolyn. bojack i told you i don't know where it is. don't put things in my butt if you want them back. cut to receptionist desk outside princess carolyn's office. laura, the receptionist, is on the other end of the phone. laura ...and hold for princess carolyn, please? bojack thanks, laura. a jingle plays over the phone. jingle when you're walking alone  because jellicles are and jellicles do  jellicles do and jelli-- cut to princess carolyn's office. princess carolyn bojack! it's your favorite agent. cut to bar. bojack yeah, some agent. you couldn't even get me in the room for war horse . there were, like, ten horses in that movie. i didn't need to be the war horse. cut to princess carolyn's office. princess carolyn listen, dummy, i want to make sure you're all set for your first day with diane tomorrow. cut to bar. bojack is she gonna ask me a bunch of personal questions? cut to princess carolyn's office. princess caroyln the woman we're paying to ghostwrite your memoir? yeah, probably. cut to bar. bojack okay, alright, there's no need to get-- cut to princess carolyn's office. princess caroyln what, catty? are you gonna say catty? cut to bar. bojack i was not gonna say catty. princess caroyln  oh, what were you gonna say? bojack i was gonna say catty, because you're a cat. cut to princess carolyn's office. princess caroyln goodbye, bojack. cut to bar. bojack laura, i know you're listening! you got it, right? cut to receptionist desk outside princess carolyn's office. princess carolyn opens the door and pokes her head out. laura is holding the phone to her ear. princess carolyn laura, do not respond to him. goodbye, bojack. cut to bar. bojack hangs up the phone. bojack she got it. girl and friends are taking pictures of bojack and laughing. bojack downs his drink and gets up to leave. girl oh my god. take another one. take another one! bojack stops at the door. cut to girl and friends. bojack walks up to them. bojack excuse me, i just wanted you to know that you ruined someone else's night tonight, and i hope you have enough decency to at least feel a little bit crappy about it. girl excuse me? bojack i was actually already in a bad mood, but i thought maybe, for one night, i could go out to a bar and try to forget about myself, but now because of you and your friends, i feel more self-conscious than ever. girl if we were bothering you so much, why didn't you just leave? bojack because i didn't think of that, and now i feel stupid! girl look, i have a right to be here. bojack no! one of girl's friends, an anthropomorphic chicken, lays an egg. bojack maybe because you're skinny and maybe 'cause you're pretty, you're used to getting away with things, but i want you to know that your actions have an effect on others, and i hate you, and you're a horrible person, and you not understanding that you're a horrible person doesn't make you less of a horrible person. girl you think i'm pretty? cut to bojack's apartment viewed from the street. bojack's car is improperly parked with the passenger door ajar. a trail of clothing leads up to the apartment door. int. bojack's bedroom bojack and girl are sitting up in bed. bojack is smoking a cigarette. bojack well, that was another in a long series of regrettable life choices. girl what'd you say? i was tweeting about all the weird stuff you do in bed. title sequence cut to bojack's apartment from the same street view. it is now day. the scene remains otherwise unchanged. int. bojack's living room bojac k walks through the living room, rubbing his face. girl walks up to him carrying a plate of food. girl good morning! bojack ahh! why are you here? girl i slept here. bojack yeah, but why are you still here? girl waves her toaster strudel in the air. girl breakfast! bojack that better not be my last toaster strudel. girl no, there were three left. bojack well, get out of here. my memoirist is gonna show up soon, and i don't need you-- what's your name? girl pam. bojack i don't need you pam-ing up the place when she gets here. pam bites her toaster strudel. bojack walks past her. diane spins around in her chair. she is eating a toaster strudel. diane hey, bojack. bojack ahh! why are you here? diane you told me to come at 900. bojack that doesn't sound like me. diane i have your email right here. diane holds up her smartphone and reads from it. diane  diane, why don't you come over tuesday morning at 900? also, you should bring this email with you because i might not remember it because i just took a bunch of horse tranquilizers, ha ha. also, please don't put in my book that i use horse tranquilizers, ha ha. i just use a small dose to help me fall asleep at night and then a much, much larger dose to get me through the day. also, i'm drunk. also, i'm alone, so alone, so, so alone. please don't put that in my book, book, book, book 'em, dildo. does it taste like magenta in here? then i think you fell asleep on the keyboard, because it just says the letter b 27 times. bojack that does sound like me. pam walks up behind bojack. diane stands up from her chair. bojack ushers her away from diane. bojack well, anyway, this is my businessperson... pam excuse me? bojack ...here to help me with some business needs. all very above board. pam uh, what'd you say? bojack no need to mention her in the book either, unless it's a business book.  mr. peanutbutter comes out from behind the fridge door and closes it. mr. peanbutbutter ha ha, classic bojack! bojack why are you here? mr. peanutbutter oh, funny story! i'm filming a reality show later, so i thought i'd drop by with the old tennis ball and chain. mr. peanutbutter wraps his arm around diane. bojack that is neither funny nor a story nor a reason for you to drop by. diane scratches mr. peanutbutter behind the ear. mr. peanutbutter pants. diane aw, he just wanted to come over and brag about his reality show. mr. peanutbutter get this, i am starring in a pilot presentation for a celebrity reality show. it's pretty cutting edge, huh? bojack yeah, if it's 2003. mr. peanutbutter ha ha, don't tell vh1 that! seriously, though, please don't tell vh1 that. we are calling it peanutbutter and jelly. get it? because i'm mr. peanutbutter. bojack okay, who's jelly? mr. peanutbutter no, no, no, it's like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. it's wordplay. bojack you may have too forgiving a definition of the word wordplay. mr. peanutbutter well, it's a working title. bojack well, it could be working harder, and that's wordplay. how'd you even get in here? diane your roommate let us in. todd's hand shoots up into the frame, holding a toaster strudel. todd  mi casa es su casa. cut to side view of the group. bojack and that is the last of the toaster strudels, and now my morning is ruined. todd could you guys keep it down, okay? i'm kind of on a date right now. cut to a close-up of todd, laying on the couch. he is wearing a suit, but no pants. todd  in america, i am actually considered very handsome. cut to close-up of todd's computer screen. a japanese girl is video chatting with him. she laughs. cut to full view of the group. bojack okay, i'm gonna go get breakfast, and when i get back, i want everyone out of my house except for you and... bojack points at todd. bojack ...you and-- bojack points at diane, then turns to pam and points at her. bojack who are you again? pam the girl you had sex with. bojack right. you definitely should have already been gone. cut to the parking lot of j'von's supermarket. bojack swerves into a space in the parking lot. the tires screech. int . j'von's supermarket two anthropomorphic canine women are talking. poodle woman i really shouldn't eat chocolate 'cause it can literally kill me. corgi woman oh, i know. poodle woman but i love chocolate. corgi woman story of my life. the women laugh. bojack walks by behind the women. he is holding a grocery basket. cut to close-up on bojack as he browses produce. he finds a box of muffin man apple muffins. seal man  hey, excuse me. cut to full v iew of bojack and seal man. seal man is standing behind bojack. bojack yes, i am bojack horseman, star of horsin' around. seal man yeah, okay, i don't care. those are my muffins. bojack turns to face seal man. bojack i'm sorry, i-- i don't understand. did you bring them into the store with you? seal man no, but i was going to buy them. that's the last box and i had dibs on them. bojack really? you had dibs? seal man yeah, dibs. i just put them down for a second while i went to the bathroom. bojack look, i don't even want the muffins. i was just looking at them, but i got to say, if you put muffins down, they're not your muffins. seal man so what, i was supposed to take the muffins into the bathroom with me? bojack you didn't even put the muffins in a cart. you just left them out here. seal man yeah, in the produce section. clearly, muffins aren't supposed to be in the produce section. that wasn't a sign to you that maybe someone else had dibs? bojack look, i don't want to get into a whole thing here. seal man then give me the muffins. bojack no, 'cause maybe now i want the muffins. bojack tosses the muffins into his grocery basket. seal man you think that because you're a pseudo-celebrity, normal rules don't apply to you? bojack pseudo?! would you say that to eric mccormack ? look, i've had a rough morning, so i don't need-- cut to a closeup of seal man. he turns away briefly while speaking. seal man you've had a rough morning? i spent the last ten months-- seal man turns back to look at bojack. cut to a wide view of the scene. bojack has left. otter man calls after bojack. seal man hey! cut to the cash registers. bojack finishes paying the cashier for the muffins. bojack calls back to seal man. bojack sorry, wasn't listening. see ya! cut to an extreme closeup of seal man. seal man you're going to regret this, bojack horseman. cut to a closeup on bojack, facing the exit with plastic bag in hand. bojack oh really? i'm gonna regret buying muffins? bojack takes the muffins out of the plastic bag. bojack what, have they got a lot of saturated fat in them? bojack flips over the box of muffins and reads the back label. bojack oh, man, they do have a lot of saturated fat. cut to a wide view of bojack and the cash registers. bojack why'd i buy these? cut to a cliffside view of bojack's apartment and the town below. int. bojack's kitchen diane and todd are sitting at the kitchen table. diane is using a laptop. todd is staring at the ceiling, smiling. bojack is lying on the floor with his hand in the box of muffins. bojack man, i really regret buying those muffins and then eating them all on the drive home. todd well, my date with ayako went really well. thanks for asking. bojack raises his head and points at todd with his muffin-box hand. bojack i specifically didn't ask, and i'll thank you to respect my total lack of interest in your personal life. cut to a closeup of todd and diane. todd she's hilarious. i never met a girl who was so curious about american bank routing numbers. bojack enters the frame, sitting at the table next to diane. bojack still not interested. diane should we get started on the book? bojack what's your hurry? todd what do you guys think i should get ayako for our 12-hour anniversary? she wants a framed picture of my mother's maiden name. bojack stands up. bojack okay, let's get to work. cut to a distant street view of bojack's apartment. outside the gate, an anthropomorphic sheep man is trimming the hedges with shears. he pauses to take a bite of the hedge. diane  let's start at the beginning. int. bojack's office bojack is sitting behind his desk, drinking an alcoholic beverage. diane is sitting on the other side of the desk with her laptop. diane what was your childhood like? bojack normal. diane normal? bojack yeah, it was, uh, normal-- normal childhood stuff. cut to a flashback of bojack's childhood home. bojack's dad is sitting at the kitchen table reading a newspaper. bojack's mom walks up to him carrying a plate with an omelet on it. she is smoking a cigarette. bojack's mom here's your omelet. bojack's dad looks up from his paper. bojack's mom throws the plate onto the table. the omelet falls halfway off the plate. bojack's mom i'm sorry it's not as good as the omelets your secretary makes, but then you're not married to your secretary, are you? bojack's dad well, maybe if my secretary also refused to get an abortion, i would be. pan out to reveal kid bojack is also sitting at the table. kid bojack mommy, can i have an omelet? bojack's mom you're the birthday boy. cut back to bojack's office. bojack downs the rest of his drink and wipes his mouth. bojack normal childhood, and then just get right into the big, famous part. diane look, if you're not ready to talk, we can wait. bojack  i am ready to talk! bojack stands up and paces. bojack why wouldn't i want to talk about my parents? they're so normal. that's crazy. bojack points at diane. bojack you sound like a crazy person, not me. stop being so crazy, crazy.  why are you calling me crazy? bojack sits back down in his chair. diane okay. was your father-- bojack's phone rings. bojack hold on, i got to take this. hello? laura  hey, bojack, i've got princess carolyn for you. it's urgent. bojack great, put her on. laura  just a sec. i'll see if she's available. a jingle plays over the phone. jingle when you're walking alone  because jellicles are and je-- princess carolyn  bojack... cut to princess carolyn running on a treadmill at a gym. princess carolyn ...are you watching msnbsea right now? cut to bojack in his office. bojack great question. well, i didn't fall down on my remote, randomly changing the channel to msnbsea while simultaneously crippling myself... cut to princess carolyn running on a treadmill at a gym. she appears unamused. bojack ...thus physically forcing me to watch msnbsea... cut to bojack in his office. bojack ...so no. no, i'm not watching msnbsea right now. cut to a wide view of princess carolyn running on a treadmill at a gym. she is flanked by two anthropomorphic runners, one a cheetah and one a sloth who is dangling from the machine. a human woman is standing in the background with a water bottle. princess carolyn yeah, well, hamlet, you might want to turn it on. they're talking about you. cut to bojack in his office. bojack ooh! good things, i hope. bojack stands up and runs off-screen. cut to diane sitting her chair. she sighs and closes her laptop. cut to a closeup of the television screen broadcasting msnbsea. anthropomorphic whale news anchor tom jumbo-grumbo is addressing the public. tom jumbo-grumbo our guest via satellite is neal mcbeal, a naval officer on leave from afghanistan. the television screen splits to reveal a video feed of neal mcbeal, the seal man from the supermarket, dressed in uniform. tom jumbo-grumbo welcome to the program, neal. neal mcbeal thank you, tom. cut to bojack, todd, and diane watching the tv screen in bojack's living room. todd is sitting on the couch. bojack is standing behind him. diane is standing off to the side. bojack points to the tv. bojack hey, i met this guy. cut to a closeup of the tv screen. tom jumbo-grumbo all neal wanted when he got home-- and i emphasize, from afghanistan-- was his favorite brand of breakfast muffins. when he went to the supermarket and called dibs on the last box-- well, tell us what happened, neal. neal mcbeal bojack horseman, from the 90s sitcom horsin' around , refused to respect my dibs. tom jumbo-grumbo have you no shame, bojack horseman? the tv screen switches to display a photo of bojack at a christmas party. in the photo, two women are standing to his left and a third woman is standing to his right. a man dressed as santa clause is standing on the far right. bojack is sneezing all over the woman to his right. tom jumbo-grumbo seen here sneezing at a christmas party. cut to bojack and diane in the living room. bojack  oh, not the sneezing pic-- why do they always use the sneezing picture? cut to the tv screen. the display has returned to a portrait view of tom jumbo-grumbo. tom jumbo-grumbo in the 90s, we laughed at your antics. oh, how we laughed. ha ha ha, we chortled in rapturous glee. but when you deny the dibs called by our men and women on the front lines, that is a sick joke, sir. cut to a closeup of bojack. he shakes his head. tom jumbo-grumbo a sick, sick joke, indeed... cut back to the tv screen. tom jumbo-grumbo ...and you'll forgive me if i chortle no longer, for, to me, there is nothing the least bit funny about stealing a meal from neal mcbeal, the navy seal. tom jumbo-grumbo grunts and fires water out of his blow hole. cut to bojack, diane, and todd in the living room. todd wait, wait, you stole muffins from a navy seal? bojack i didn't know he was a navy seal. i just thought he was a regular kind of seal. cut back to the tv screen. the display has returned to a split view of tom jumbo-grumbo and neal mcbeal. neal mcbeal this is classic hollywood elitism. bojack horseman thinks that because he was on tv, that makes him better than everybody. well, guess what, bojack... cut back to the group in the living room. neal mcbeal ...now i'm on tv... bojack shakes his head. cut back to the tv screen. neal mcbeal raises his arms. neal mcbeal ...so now i'm better than everybody! tom jumbo-grumbo repeatedly pokes his finger into the desktop in front of him for emphasis. tom jumbo-grumbo that's right, neal. cut back to the group in the living room. bojack you didn't even have dibs, you stupid sea cow.  you guys think i should call in and set the record straight? cut to a closeup on diane. diane bojack, these people feed off controversy. if you dignify the story with a response, it's just gonna fan-- cut to the tv screen. the display has returned to a portrait view of tom jumbo-grumbo. he is holding two fingers to his ear. tom jumbo-grumbo i'm now receiving word that we've got bojack himself on the phone. cut to bojack and diane in the living room. bojack takes his cell phone away from his ear and puts his hand over the receiver. bojack  sorry, i stopped listening. you were leading up to a yes, right? cut back to the tv screen. the display has returned to a split view of tom jumbo-grumbo and neal mcbeal. tom jumbo-grumbo bojack, what you did today was a slap in the face of america's heroes. will you apologize? tom jumbo-grumbo and neal mcbeal cross their arms simultaneously. cut back to bojack, diane, and todd in the living room. bojack okay, enough about america's heroes. can we talk about dibs? because he didn't even really have dibs. if he had legitimate dibs-- cut to a closeup of neal mcbeal. neal mcbeal oh, i had dibs on the muffins. i hid them in the produce section! cut back to the group in the living room. bojack you left them totally out in the open. that's hiding? how did you survive in afghanistan?! cut to a closeup of neal mcbeal. neal mcbeal those are my muffins! you give me back my muffins!  cut to a closeup of bojack. bojack hey, guess what, i can't give them back 'cause i ate them all, okay? cut to a closeup of todd with spoon in hand. todd  dude. cut back to the tv screen. tom jumbo-grumbo hold on, just to be clear, since this morning, you ate all the muffins? cut to an extreme closeup of bojack. bojack yeah, i ate them all in one sitting because i have no self-control and i hate myself. pan out to bojack and diane. diane finishes writing on a notepad and turns it towards bojack, revealing the words, stop talking!! bojack is that what you want to hear? cut to an extreme closeup of tom jumbo-grumbo. tom jumbo-grumbo neil, was it a small container of muffins, like two to four muffins? cut to a closeup of neal mcbeal. neal mcbeal no, tom, there were a good deal more than that. cut back to an extreme closeup of tom jumbo-grumbo. tom jumbo-grumbo can you remember exactly how many muffins were in the box? cut to bojack, falling to his knees in front of the tv screen. bojack yeah, there were exactly 12! i ate 12 muffins, and i didn't even want one! there's your goddamn news story, the myster of my missing goddamn self-respect!  cut to a side view of the living room. bojack picks up the remote and turns off the tv. bojack  how'd i come off? diane scratches her head. todd well, that went slightly better than the worst it could have possibly gone, so...hooray? cut to a closeup of a horse-shaped inner tube floating in bojack's swimming pool. an open beer bottle is resting in one of the cup holders. int. bojack's office bojack is pouring himself another drink. diane is sitting across the room on a couch. bojack it's not even about the muffins. everyone is just out to get me because i'm famous and so well-adjusted. diane well, at least you've got some privacy. my boyfriend's filming a reality show at our house. if i want to be alone, i have to go to the roof because it's the only place they don't have insurance to film. bojack walks up to diane. bojack you go on the roof? diane yeah, just to get some work done. is that really weird? bojack sits down on the couch next to diane. bojack no, it's adorable. diane when i was a kid, i used to climb up on the roof with my dad and look at the stars. what about you? diane holds up a voice recorder. diane were you close with your father? cut to a flashback of kid bojack and bojack's dad. they are in the study. bojack's dad is prodding a ship in a bottle with a stick. he is smoking a pipe. kid bojack holds up a heart-shaped paper card with the word, daddy, written on it. kid bojack happy father's day, daddy. bojack's dad takes the card and opens it vertically. bojack's dad what's this supposed to be, a lima bean? kid bojack it's a heart. bojack's dad that's some shoddy craftsmanship, son. kid bojack i tried my best. bojack's dad no, you didn't. you slacked off and took the easy way out. in this world, you can either do things the easy way or the right way. you take a boat from here to new york, you gonna go around the horn like a gentleman or cut through the panama canal like some kind of democrat? kid bojack um, the canal? bojack's dad stands up and slaps kid bojack. kid bojack tears up. bojack's dad you go around the horn the way god intended! cut back to bojack and diane on the couch. bojack uneventful. diane what? bojack what? diane i asked if you were close with your father, and you sat here in silence for five minutes and then said, uneventful. bojack you know what, this is a really good conversation, and i definitely want to keep having it... bojack stands up. bojack ...but i just keep thinking about the muffins thing, so maybe we could put a pin in this thorough deconstruction of my past so i can put that other thing to be before it spirals out of con-- cut back to the tv screen. it is cut into thirds, with neal mcbeal on the left, tom jumbo-grumbo in the middle, and bojack on the right. neal mcbeal i had dibs! my dibs were on those muffins! bojack your dibs were void! neal mcbeal i spent a year in afghanistan making america safer, and this is the thanks i get? bojack really, you, specifically, made america safer? tom jumbo-grumbo well, bojack, surely even you would agree that the troops are heroes. bojack i don't agree to that. maybe some of the troops are heroes but not automatically. i'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks. most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun and telling him it's okay to kill people suddenly turns that jerk into a hero. pan out to a wider view of bojack's office. diane, todd, and a camera man are standing in front of bojack. diane facepalms. bojack what? cut back to the tv screen. tom jumbo-grumbo did you just say you think the troops are jerks? bojack oh, you took that the bad way, didn't you? ext. bojack's house - driveway two news vans are parked outside of bojack's front gate. cut to bojack's house - living room bojack is watching the previous news broadcasting of himself on television. he is reclining in a chair with pajamas on. bojack no, no, no. tom jumbo-grumbo  the troops are jerks? bojack oh, god. bojack's phone rings. he answers it. bojack hello? laura  princess carolyn needs to talk to you immediately. bojack great, put her on. laura she's actually just getting out of a meeting. can you hold for a sec? bojack you called me. a jingle plays over the phone. jingle when you're walking alone  because jellicles are  and jellicles do bojack ugh. cut to black. the words like an hour later appear on the screen. cut back to bojack in his chair. the jingle is still playing. jingle jellicles would  and jellicles can princess carolyn bojack. bojack ah! princess carolyn i'm gonna level with you, honey . this whole you hating the troops thing is not great. bojack i don't hate the troops! i just hate one specific troop. i don't even hate him, really. news helicopters are flying in the air outside bojack's house. bojack walks to the window and looks out at them. bojack i just think that he's wrong about the muffins. bojack draws the shades. princess carolyn i know, bojack -- just like always, you're right, and everyone else is wrong. but if you don't swallow your pride, this is never gonna let up . i know you're stubborn -- bojack i'm not stubborn. i'm proud. princess carolyn that's kind of the same thing. bojack no, it's an important distinction. princess carolyn okay, fine. you're not stubborn. but i'm about to tell you something very important, so i want you to listen carefully. i'm getting another call. i'm gonna have to put you on hold. a jingle plays over the phone. jingle when you're walking alone bojack sits down in his chair. jingle because jellicles are  and jellicles do cut to tv broadcast tom jumbo-grumbo it is now day three of the great bojack jerk-off -- really? that's the name we came up with for this? who came up with that? was it randy? did randy come up with that? the broadcast splits in two. the second half shows an aerial view of bojack's house. protesters are standing outside the front gate. tom jumbo-grumbo anyway, the former television actor who hates our troops has not left his home since his controversial remarks on monday about how he hates the troops. cut to an interview segment with an anthropomorphic bear holding a sign that reads bojack's views are unbearable. the text superimposed at the bottom of the screen reads has-been hates troops, looks fat. bear protester bojack horseman makes me sick. he voiced his opinion, even though it was unpopular, and that's the most cowardly thing a person can do. cut to an interview segment with pam. the broadcast text below her reads some girl who slept with bojack horseman. pam after we made love, he covered himself in sheets like an arab. cut to the white house. joan kapur, the capitol hill correspondent, is speaking to the camera. joan kapur at this very moment, congress is voting on a major education bill that could completely restructure the -- tom jumbo-wumbo cuts joan kapur off. the screen splits in half, inserting him on the left side. tom jumbo-wumbo joan, i'm sorry to interrupt you, but we've got some big news on the bojack horseman front. cut to an aerial view of bojack's house. tom jumbo-wumbo  it appears that bojack's lexus is coming out of the garage. this is very big news, indeed. cut to the lexus. todd is driving with diane in the passenger seat. the back seat is filled with dirty laundry. reporters approach todd and he rolls down the window. reporter any comment on bojack's controversial remarks this week? todd uh, nope. todd guns it and the tires screech on the pavement. cut to the inside of the car. bojack pops out from beneath the pile of laundry. bojack so where are we going? todd don't worry, i've got a plan. todd lets go of the wheel to dial a number on his phone. diane takes hold of the wheel, steadying the car. diane whoa! jeez. todd takes hold of the wheel as he puts the phone to his ear. todd ayako, hey, i need you to get me three tickets to kyoto. ayako  you son of a bitch! cut to ayako's computer desk. pictures and files of todd are hung up all around the desk. ayako  you told me you were an obscenely rich american entrepreneur. you had eighty dollars in your bank account. eighty! todd hey, i meant i was rich because i have friends, like george bailey. ayako  who the shit is george bailey? do you have any idea how much work went into scamming you? george bailey! ayako hangs up. todd hello? well, i'm out of ideas. diane we can hide out at my place while we make a plan. bojack rolls down one of the back seat windows and looks out. news helicopters are in pursuit of the car. an anthropomorphic pig man rises into view. his midsection is tied to a helium balloon. he snaps a picture of bojack. bojack yeah, great, just get me away from the cameras. int. diane  mr. peanutbutter's house bojack is flanked by two cameras. he is sitting at a dining table with mr. peanutbutter, princess carolyn, and todd. bojack do we really need to be filming this? mr. peanutbutter it's for my reality show. you never know when gold's gonna strike. bojack yeah, gold doesn't strike. mr. peanutbutter that's why you never know. princess carolyn bojack, be nice. mr. peanutbutter just pretend they're not there. bojack okay. well, i -- sound guy could you speak up, please? bojack  i'd like to -- sound guy whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. that's too loud. bojack i want to fix this as quickly as possible. i don't care who was right about the muffins anymore, even though i was definitely right. i just want my privacy back, so i can finish writing my tell-all memoir, so everyone will pay attention to me again. princess carolyn i've already reached out to the mcbeal camp. he's willing to publicly forgive you if you publicly apologize and present to him a box of muffins as a symbol of your great admiration for the american military and everything they do. bojack but i ate the muffins. princess carolyn i know. we got another box. it's in the cupboard. bojack oh, you were saving those? i ate those too. princess carolyn we've been here for ten minutes! it's okay, we'll get more muffins. todd i'll get the muffins, and they're on me. i just found out i got 80 bucks in the bank. i'm helping! hooray! todd runs out the door. bojack so where are we gonna do this? do i have to go on msnbsea? princess carolyn no, we should do it somewhere people will actually see it. mr. peanutbutter oh, why don't you do it on peanutbutter and jelly ? bojack you can't call a show peanutbutter and jelly if there's no jelly. mr. peanutbutter it's a pun. bojack it's not a pun if it only works one way. princess carolyn is this a necessary conversation to be having right now? mr. peanutbutter look, i know tempers are high, but let's not take it out on the great title for my reality show, which we all agree is really clever. mr. peanutbutter turns to the camera woman. mr. peanutbutter  we can edit this to make me look smart, right? the camera woman nods. cut to diane  mr. peanutbutter's house - night the camera is focusing in on mr. peanutbutter's face. mr. peanutbutter how's this look? looks good? okay. camera man marker, sound, speed. the camera pans back to reveal bojack and mr. peanutbutter sitting next to each other on adjacent couches. mr. peanutbutter well, here i am, hanging out with my good friend bojack horseman, enjoying each other's company, as we often do. bojack yes, this is all very authentic and natural. the doorbell rings. mr. peanutbutter's ears perk up. mr. peanutbutter oh, someone's at the door! mr. peanutbutter stands and addresses the camera. mr. peanutbutter. i will see who it is. mr. peanutbutter walks to the door and ushers neal mcbeal into the room. mr. peanutbutter wow, this is a surprise. neal mcbeal. neal mcbeal  hello, sir. thank you for inviting me into your home. it is lovely. mr. peanutbutter bojack, is there anything you'd like to give neal mcbeal? neal mcbeal ahem. mr. peanutbutter gets up and walks out of the shot. bojack oh, yeah, todd? todd pops up from behind the couch with a brown bag. bojack what the hell is this? todd i tried to buy the muffins, but my bank card got declined for some reason. but don't worry, i still saved the day because i found this bag of stale hamburger buns. bojack i'm sorry? todd yeah, they're just giving them away behind in-n-out. todd hands bojack the bag of buns. todd why does anybody pay for anything? bojack shoves todd back behind the couch. todd ow. bojack uh, neal, as a token of my admiration, please acccept this bag of stale hamburger buns. neal mcbeal what? bojack yes, hamburger buns. it's a symbol for how we throw our veterans in the trash, sadly, far too often. neal mcbeal we send our muffins overseas, and they come back as stale hamburger buns, but that doesn't mean we should love them any less, because in their own way, aren't stale hamburger buns just as good? bojack eats one of the buns. bojack mmm...american made. neal mcbeal so what you're saying is, you think i'm a hero. bojack well, i don't know if i -- neal mcbeal say it, bojack. say i'm a hero. bojack you're a hero. the troops are all heroes, every single one. neal mcbeal great. neal mcbeal grabs and tugs on the bag of hamburger buns, but bojack resists. bojack and i don't believe saying that cheapens the word and actually disrespects those we mean to honor by turning real people into political pawns. neal mcbeal okay, you can let go of the bag now. bojack also, i am not deeply ambivalent about a seemingly mandated celebration of our military by a nation that claims to value peace telling our children that violence is never the answer while refusing to hold our own government to the same standard. neal mcbeal yeah, me neither. i think we're in agreement here. bojack furthermore, i do not find it unbelievably appropriate that this conversation is taking place on reality television, a genre which thrives on chopping the complexities of our era into easily digestible chunks of empty catchphrases. neal mcbeal okay. bojack and finally, i don't -- the sound guy walks into the shot. sound guy hey, look! mr. peanutbutter got a bucket stuck on his head. mr. peanutbutter guys, guys, where am i? can someone tell me where i am? neal mcbeal hey, where'd he get that bucket from? who gave him a bucket? neal mcbeal laughs and walks off screen. bojack uh, actually, i had another point i wanted to make. todd climbs over the couch. todd yeah, but who doesn't love a dog with a bucket on his head? come on. bucket! bucket! everyone gathers around mr. peanutbutter. all  bucket! bucket! bucket! bucket! mr. peanutbutter hey, can anyone find a handle? the camera girl pulls the bucket off his head. everyone cheers. mr. peanutbutter oh, thank you, my friend. you're a real hero. bojack unbelievable. mr. peanutbutter what's your name, young lady? camera girl well, my real name's angela, but my friends call me jelly. mr. peanutbutter what? oh, my god, did we get that? please tell me we got that. bojack leaves the scene. he climbs out the second floor window with the bag of stale hamburger buns. diane is sitting on the roof smoking a cigarette. he sits down next to her, then pulls out one of the buns. bojack you want a day-old hamburger bun? diane i'm all right. how'd it go down there? bojack you know what the problem is with everybody? they all just want to hear what they already believe. no one ever wants to hear the truth. diane i want to hear the truth. i don't know if you want to tell it, though. bojack what do you mean? diane mr. normal childhood, mr. uneventful father? look, i can write you the standard empty-calorie celebrity tell-some, if that's what you're looking for, but i thought you might want more than that. bojack i do. diane well, then you're going to have to open up and give me something real. bojack what, you think i can't open up? diane well, i don't know if you can or not. you certainly haven't. bojack okay, from now on, full truth, warts and all. you're not gonna make me look like an asshole, are you? diane i don't know, are you an asshole? bojack okay, full truth, here we go. you want to know about my parents? they drank a lot. my father was a failed novelist. my mother was the heiress to the sugarman sugar cubes fortune, and my dad resented her for it. he used to make me cry with him while listening to cole porter records. he made me build my own tree house, and then he tore it down while i was at summer camp because instead of hearty, christian nails, i used screws, which he called fancy jew nails. like i said, totally normal.