woah-oh, hm-hmm you've been runnin' 'round, runnin' 'round, runnin' 'round throwin' that dirt all on my name 'cause you knew that i, knew that i, knew that i'd call you up  you've been going 'round, going 'round, going 'round every party in la 'cause you knew that i, knew that i, knew that i'd be at one, oh i know that dress is karma, perfume regret you got me thinking 'bout when you were mine, ooh and now i'm all up on ya, what you expect? but you're not coming home with me tonight you just want attention, you don't want my heart maybe you just hate the thought of me with someone new yeah, you just want attention, i knew from the start you're just making sure i'm never gettin' over you, huh you've been runnin' 'round, runnin' 'round, runnin' 'round throwin' that dirt all on my name 'cause you knew that i, knew that i, knew that i'd call you up baby, now that we're, now that we're, now that we're right here standin' face to face you already know, 'ready know, 'ready know that you won, oh i know that dress is karma , perfume regret, yeah you got me thinking 'bout when you were mine, ooh  and now i'm all up on ya , what you expect?  but you're not coming home with me tonight  you just want attention, you don't want my heart maybe you just hate the thought of me with someone new  yeah, you just want attention , i knew from the start  you're just making sure i'm never gettin' over you , oh what are you doin' to me? what are you doin', huh?  what are you doin' to me? what are you doin', huh?  what are you doin' to me? what are you doin', huh?  what are you doin' to me? what are you doin', huh? i know that dress is karma, perfume regret you got me thinking 'bout when you were mine and now i'm all up on ya, what you expect? but you're not coming home with me tonight you just want attention, you don't want my heart maybe you just hate the thought of me with someone new yeah, you just want attention, i knew from the start you're just making sure i'm never gettin' over you  what are you doin' to me?  what are you doin', huh?  what are you doin' to me? what are you doin', huh?  what are you doin' to me?  what are you doin', huh?  what are you doin' to me? what are you doin', huh?