cabello kicked off her solo career and her band sisters in fifth harmony unexpectedly denounced her for it. now shes got a top five single, a much-anticipated album coming and zero second thoughts you have to honor that inner voice. camila cabello is late for brunch. but not sullen, rock-star, hiding-behind-shades late. more like 19-year-old, mixed-up-the-address late. shes running through the dining room of versailles, a cuban restaurant deep in los angeles san fernando valley, lush black hair streaming, apologies pouring forth, having just rushed from the other versailles, in the citys center. as soon as she sits on this mid-january sunday morning, flashing that disarmingly broad smile, the singer  who was born in cuba, resides in miami and is staying in an airbnb here in town  says, ive got you on what were going to eat. she then proceeds to order, in rapid-fire spanish, a bounty of food lemonades, steaks, rice, beans, plantains, croquettes, flan. confusion, stress, the promise of a splendid feast that has pretty much been the story of cabellos recent life. it was only a month before this weekend that she was still a member of fifth harmony, the most successful girl group since destiny's child, with more than 7 million digital songs sold, according to nielsen music. before the year was out, she was a solo artist weathering accusations from her bandmates  and even hate-tweets from zealous fans . but thats the confusion and stress. during that same time, cabello had plenty to celebrate. the singer, who had collaborated outside of 5h for some time, released the darkly sexy rap-romp single bad things with machine gun kelly last october, and it climbed the charts.  and thats not even her first hit i know what you did last summer, her 2015 duet with shawn mendes, peaked at no. 20 on the billboard hot 100. she has social numbers to rival the bands , a guest turn on a major lazer song banked and enough studio time booked to successfully capitalize on what seems, in retrospect, like an inevitable transition to solo stardom. it would take a big force to stop her from taking over the world, says her friend mendes, adding, she was such a great writing partner. i barely had to speak and she knew exactly what i meant. but cabello, whose album is due this fall, already had fame, fortune and obsessive fans. the true gift, after five years of nonstop touring, recording and meet-and-greets with 5h, is the taste of freedom. you know that quote, in the silence, you find god?  asks cabello, who  in her lace choker, a holey white tee and a black marching band coat  looks like the petite  commander of some fun and fashionable army. i felt like i could hear everything my heart was telling me. the heart, of course, can be an unreliable guide, and by going solo cabello is risking more than the slings and arrows of unhappy harmonizers.  only one woman has recently left a girl group for a colossal solo career, and shes not an ordinary human shes beyonc. the closer models for cabello may be her fellow talent-show contestants in one direction. but none of their trajectories will quite work for a woman who has to, as it seems all young female pop stars must, thread the wholesome-and-sexy needle. zayn malik disavowed his past, graffitied his home, cloistered himself in a weed cloud and took his sweet time on an album, all of which only made him cooler. niall horan took a backpacking trip, rediscovered the 70s folk-rock of his youth and launched a career as a troubadour, which just made him dreamier. harry styles is already considered a rock star without having sung a solo note. cabello, lest she be judged, must be seductive but pure of heart, strong but vulnerable, self-possessed but not selfish. in a way, girl-group rules still apply. but that hasnt stopped her from building on her momentum, and not just by hitting the studio and bringing bad things to the ellen degeneres show with machine gun kelly in january . she has also carefully cultivated her public voice, telling lena dunham in a lenny interview before donald trumps inauguration im going to stick up for immigrants, and im going to stick up for hispanic people and their rights. after trump issued his immigration order, she tweeted, the muslimban is dehumanizing beyond words... im in shock. this is not who we are. the easiest route would be to shut my mouth, sing the songs, wear the clothes and keep going, you know? says cabello with a jittery laugh, weighing life in 5h against going it alone. i mean, at the peak of our career. its definitely not the safe option. but, she says, i have it in my dna. the way my mom raised me, it has always been dont settle. jump and hope you grow wings on the way down. she flings her arms like shes on a roller coaster. i feel alive! the lyrics analysis site genius recently determined that cabello sang on nearly 45 percent of all the lines in fifth harmonys songs. even when she was doing the most inside the group, cabello was doing the most outside it, too. she started writing on her own early in 5hs career, despite the grueling schedule. her friend taylor swifts red inspired her to make sonic photographs of her changing life, so when she wasnt cutting parts for 5hs 2013 better together ep at hollywoods record plant, she would be in the studios gym, writing lyrics over other artists melodies about things like my first kiss and my first boyfriend. then she got garageband and a midi keyboard, and began churning out shitty demos while touring malls and, in time, arenas. i would wake up super early, says cabello, get off the bus, go to the hotel, put the tv on super loud  i didnt want people to hear me fing yelling  then go into the bathroom, put my laptop on the toilet and sit on the floor and write all day. so she was basically singing into the toilet? yep. she has done her 10,000 hours, says cabellos manager roger gold, co-founder of 300 entertainment. fifth harmony worked incredibly hard 11-and-a-half months of the year. it was an incredible school. but when it finally came time for cabello to go solo, bitter, previously unhinted-at feelings erupted in a shockingly public way. when i ask her about it, cabello doesnt shy away from discussing the drama of late december 2016, although she clearly means to take the high road when did the relationship between you and the group start to change? i dont know. i was always super open i couldnt just sing other peoples words and be totally happy with that. you have to follow and honor that inner voice. i always encouraged the girls to do the same. do you feel like that changed the relationship, your asserting that? i think that in a group there is always going to be tension, whether its because of this thing or thing. obviously, i think that rocked the boat. have you been in touch with anyone in 5h since all that went down? no. have you reached out directly? i did, yeah. i dont want to get into the details of that, because it was really intense and its hard for me to talk about. it makes me sad. when i first heard you were going solo, i was like, im sure there are no hard feelings because this isnt a surprise. then i was like, whats happening? i had the same reaction. i hoped that it would be a peaceful turning of the page and we would root for each other. but i only got love for them. cabello took her first vacation in five years on christmas, after her mother, sinuhe, insisted she unplug with the family  for three weeks in cancn. the first four days were trippy, says cabello. i was stressing about not stressing about something. sometimes youre afraid of the quiet. like, go, go, go! cabello was raised in havana and, later, mexico city. when she was 6, her folks told her they were going to disney world. instead, camila and sinu  emigrated legally from mexico, spent a day in holding, took a 36-hour bus ride to miami and moved in with a friend. alejandro was forced to stay behind, but after a year-and-a-half of heartache, he got fed up and took the risk of crossing over. sinu was an architect in cuba but found work at a marshalls, stocking shoes. alejandro, when he arrived, washed cars at the mall. today, they have a successful contracting company. my parents worked really hard, says cabello. we always had periods where my dad would be out of a job. it was a constant flow of having money, losing everything and then finding a way to get it again. if we had food to eat, a roof over our heads and i was going to school, that was enough.  cabellos florida friends, who all predate her appearance on the x factor, reconnected for friendsgiving in 2016 and facetimed an eighth-grade theater teacher who encouraged cabello when she first got into acting and singing. shes not much for going out i had a phase in miami where i was like, im going to do all the things i would do if i were 19,  which she is. i went , and i was like, i dont love this.  after our brunch in los angeles, she plans to meet troye sivan for coffee and then have him and swift over to her silver lake airbnb for some chill stuff. mainly, cabellos focused on making music. even her hobbies serve the cause. for song ideas she mines poetry , novels , movies  and inspirational quotes she finds on tumblr. she also enjoys practicing guitar  5h player and super close friend ashlee juno gave her daily lessons on the groups 727 tour in 2016. romantically speaking, says cabello, i dont have anything going on right now, although she does let slip that literally every boy ive liked has been a scorpio.  and when we start talking about la la land, she winds up telling an unbelievable story i love the movie because im such a hopeless romantic. it made me feel like i could meet anybody anywhere. like, yesterday i asked my uber driver for his number. because we were actually talking about the movie and he was like, i just came out of a relationship. he just sounded like he was a hopeless romantic. and i was like, you know what? ill get his number. he never texted me back. what? i dont know. maybe it didnt go through. a few weeks after our brunch, in early february, cabellos in the booth at sphere studios in los angeles, laptop out and notes app open, singing from a file called its only natural using her achiest coo and a slight patois its only natural, i need some love from youi might pull up on youits only human to, wanna do da tings we do. the vocal is balmy and bright over steel drums and jack -style edited vocal samples. i never underestimated her talent, but i was not expecting her to have such a powerful vision, says andrew pop wansel, whos known for his work with kehlani and alessia cara, from the control room. its a real collaboration, chimes in co-producer frank dukes, who has worked with drake and travis scott. sometimes its like a band just jamming. the trio has been honing a handful of songs that skillfully blend cabellos love for rihannas anti , the era of rb-pop that includes alicia keys 2007 song no one, all things shakira and, of course, cuban music. they want to open the lp with a dusty, piano-clanging cut called havana and preview an upbeat caribbean heater that sounds like sia planting a flag in one dance. camila is an incredible songwriter, says epic records chairmanceo antonio l.a. reid, who  assembled 5h for the x factor and still has cabello on his roster. she is working overtime. cabellos mom pops into the studio to remind her she has a call in 15 minutes. sinu isnt a momager so much as her daughters right hand and confidante. along with the other members of 5h, she has been by cabellos side the entire time, and now shes the only one left who has seen it all. fifth harmony, meanwhile, is soldiering on without cabello. epic plans to release an album from the group in 2017, too, and 5hs peoples choice awards performance of work from home in january was an unmistakable shoulder-brush, as fifth harmony changed the i to we in cabellos opening line, i aint worried about nothing, and punctuated it with a full stop. i know people will try and turn this into, is she going to be more successful outside the group? if im growing as an artist, thats success. in april 2016, i interviewed the members of fifth harmony for a billboard cover story, and the chat quickly turned into a tear-drenched airing of grievances about the groups toll on their private lives. the only one who didnt cry was cabello. i was like, oh, my god, this is the saddest thing ive ever seen. im sorry about that, she tells me this time around. cabello wasnt immune to the pressures, just on the mend, fighting anxiety with journaling, exercise, meditation and music. i remind her what she told me then  that she had recently been afraid of the things her brain might tell her. its so hard to hear that, says cabello, lowering her head. it breaks my heart. its like im watching myself from another persons perspective, like, damn, poor girl.  she did finally cry after the turmoil with the group, in miami with her parents and sister. and then, she says, i went to the beach a lot. i listened only to latin music. it reminds me of where i come from and that this doesnt have to be world war iii. in cuba, people are literally making rafts out of tires and sticks, throwing themselves into the ocean to find opportunity. thats real shit. not this. i know people will try and turn this into, is she going to be more successful outside the group?  continues cabello. to me, if im in the studio every day and im growing as an artist and im speaking from my heart, thats success. the results dont matter. i mean, isnt that the goal? if cabello is anxious now, it doesnt show. she seems proud of what 5h was  we represented all different kinds of women coming together, she says fondly  but is candid about what it wasnt we didnt write our records. we were interpreting somebody elses story. fifth harmony is an entity or identity outside all of us, and i dont think anybody felt individually represented by the sound  we didnt make it.