a prisoner of your love entangled in your web hot whispers in the night i'm captured by your spell  oh, yes, i'm touched by this show of emotion should i be fractured by your lack of devotion? should i? should i? oh, you better be good to me! that's how it's got to be now cause i don't have no use for what you loosely call the truth and you better be good to me yeah, you better be good, good c'mon, c'mon, be good to me i think it's all so right that we don't need to fight we stand face to face and you present your case yes, i know you keep telling me that you love me and i really do want to believe but did you think i'd just accept you in blind faith? oh, sure, babe, anything to please you! but you better be good to me that's how it's got to be now cause i don't have the time for your overloaded lines and you better be good to me yeah, you better be good be good to me and i really don't see why it's so hard to be good to me, and, you know i don't understand, what's your plan that you can't be good to me what i can't feel i surely cannot see why can't you be good to me and if it's not real, i do not wish to see why don't you be good to me why can't you be good to me? why can't you be good to me? why can't you be good to me? why can't you be good to me? why can't you be good to me? be good, good to me be good to me 'cause i don't have no use for what you loosely call the truth and i don't have the time for your overloaded lies so you better be good to me yeah, you better be good better be good to me better be good 'cause i don't have the time for your overloaded lies and i don't have no use for what you loosely call the truth and you better be good to me  be good to me  be good  be good to me  'cause i don't have no use for what you loosely call the truth and i don't have the time for your overloaded lies you better be good to me  good to me  good to me be good be good to me why can't you be  good to me  why can't you be  good to me  c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon be good to me