yeah, come here   it's mr. steal yo girl  it's mr. steal yo girl  hey girl, hey girl  hey girl, hey girl leggo bottoms up, bottoms up, ayy, what's in ya cup? got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough bottoms up, bottoms up, throw your hands up tell security we 'bout to tear this club up bottoms up, bottoms up, pocket full of green girl, you know i love the way you shake it in them jeans bottoms up, bottoms up, throw ya hands up bottoms up, bottoms up, bottoms up, up, up you know what it is, girl, we back up in this thang money stay in my pocket, girl, i'm like a walkin' bank tell me whatcha drank, tell me whatcha thank if i go get these bottles, we go alcohol insane callin' all the girls, do you hear me? all around the world, city to city cheers to the girls, throw a deuce to the guys now i got a chicken and a goose in the ride gettin' loose in the ride hatin' ass nigga you can move to the, move to the, move to the side bottoms up, bottoms up, ayy, what's in ya cup? got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough bottoms up, bottoms up, throw your hands up tell security we 'bout to tear this club up bottoms up, bottoms up, pocket full of green girl, you know i love the way you shake it in them jeans bottoms up, bottoms up, throw ya hands up bottoms up, bottoms up, bottoms up, up, up my vision's blurred , my words slurred  it's jam-packed , a million girls  and i ain't tryna leave, though we drunk so let me be your alcohol hero callin' all the girls , do you hear me?  all around the world, city to city  cheers to the girls, throw a deuce to the guys now i got a chicken and a goose in the ride gettin' loose in the ride hatin' ass nigga you can move to the move to the move to the side bottoms up, bottoms up, ayy, what's in ya cup? got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough bottoms up, bottoms up, throw your hands up tell security we 'bout to tear this club up bottoms up, bottoms up, pocket full of green girl, you know i love the way you shake it in them jeans bottoms up, bottoms up , throw ya hands up  bottoms up, bottoms up , bottoms up, up, up  could i get that 'trn? could i get that remy? could i get that coke? could i get that henny? could i get that margarita on the rock-rock-rocks? could i get that salt all around that rim, rim, rim, rim? trey, i was like, yo, trey do you think you could buy me a bottle of ros? okay, let's get it now i'm with a bad bitch, he's with his friends i don't say, hi, i say, keys to the benz keys to the benz? keys to the benz motherfuckin' right, yeah, v to the 10 if a bitch tryna get cute i'ma stomp her throw a lot of money at her then yell, fuck her! fuck her! fuck her! then yell, fuck her! then i'ma go get my louisville slugger excuse me, i'm sorry, i'm really such a lady i rep young money, you know, slim, baby? and we be doing donuts while we wavin' the .380 we give a lot of money to the babies out in haiti yellin', all around the world do you hear me?, do you like my body? anna nicki rest in peace to anna nicole smith yes, my dear, you're so explosive say, hi to mary, mary and joseph now, bottoms up and double my dosage bottoms up, bottoms up, ayy, what's in ya cup? got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough bottoms up, bottoms up, throw your hands up tell security we 'bout to tear this club up bottoms up, bottoms up, pocket full of green girl, you know i love the way you shake it in them jeans it's not that i'm drunk, i'm, i'm, i'm, i'm on that bottoms up, bottoms up, throw ya hands up  bottoms up, bottoms up, bottoms up, up, up i'm, i'm, i'm, i'm good, i'm good trigga trey, nicki m., let's get it bottoms up , bottoms up, bottoms up i-i-i-i i am zolanski  i'm roman  yeah