will you stop the  scratching and gimme a beat? ouch! ladies and gentlemen, i'd like to introduce the hi-hat go on, mm, that's good now the tambourine, right now mm, hoo, yeah, dj! who's that gigolo on the street with his hands in his pockets and his crocodile feet? hangin' off the curb, lookin' all disturbed at the boys from home, they all came running they were makin' noise, manhandlin' toys there's the girls on the block with the nasty curls wearing padded bras, suckin' beers through straws droppin' down their drawers, where did you get yours?  huh, sucka?  huh, sucka?  who's looking good today? who's looking good in every way? no style rookie you better watch, don't mess with me no moneyman can win my love it's sweetness that i'm thinkin' of we always hang in a buffalo stance we do the dive every time we dance i'll give you love, baby, not romance i'll make a move, nothin' left to chance so don't you get fresh with me get funky yeah, timmy tell it like it is check out this dj so you say you wanted money but you know it's never funny when your shoes worn through and there's a rumble in your tummy but you had to have style, get a gold tooth smile put a girl on the corner so you could make a pile committed a crime and went inside it was comin' your way, but you had to survive when you lost your babe, you lost the race and now you're looking at me to take her place who's looking good today? who's looking good in every way? no style rookie you better watch, don't mess with me no moneyman can win my love it's sweetness that i'm thinkin' of we always hang in a buffalo stance we do the dive every time we dance i'll give you love, baby, not romance i'll make a move, nothin' left to chance so don't you get fresh with me smokin', not cokin' get funky, sax looking good, hangin' with the wild bunch looking good in a buffalo stance looking good when it comes to the crunch looking good's a state of mind state of mind, don't look behind you state of mind or you'll be dead state of mind, may i remind you? bomb the bass, rock this place what is he like? what's he like anyway? yo, man, what do you expect? the guy's a gigolo, man hahahaha you know i mean? uh no moneyman can win my love it's sweetness that i'm thinkin' of we always hang in a buffalo stance we do the dive every time we dance i'll give you love, baby, not romance i'll make a move, nothin' left to chance so don't you get fresh with me no moneyman can win my love it's sweetness that i'm thinkin' of we always hang in a buffalo stance we do the dive every time we dance i'll give you love, baby, not romance i'll make a move, nothin' left to chance so don't you get fresh with me wind on my face, sound in my ears water from my eyes, and you on my mind as i sink, divin' down deep deeper into your soul no moneyman can win my love it's sweetness that i'm thinkin' of no moneyman can win my love it's sweetness that i'm thinkin' of no moneyman can win my love no moneyman can win my love no moneyman can win my love no moneyman can win my love no moneyman