j-j-j-j-j.r bust it ba-by ay, can i please talk to my bust it babies real quick homie? let me bring you in my world  and let you know what i call my lil' bust it baby she got me speedin' in the fast lane, pedal to the floor, man tryna get back to her love best believe she got that good thang, she my little hood thang ask around, they know us they know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my.. if i wasn't married to the streets, it'd be you yo' lips, what make you so cute love when you poke yo' mouth out when you mad, too save your number in my phone under lil' boo like your sex, but more in love of whatcha do turn me on how you stare at me when we through when you give it to me, i don't wanna turn ya loose scared to moan 'round you, so all i can say is ooh my favourite panties of yours, the ones that see-thru one wit the pink trim on 'em and they light blue speakin' for the goons, thank god for makin' you bust it baby is what they call you she got me speedin' in the fast lane, pedal to the floor, man tryna get back to her love best believe she got that good thang, she my little hood thang ask around, they know us they know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my.. yeah, yeah, yeah, so now they say he's an entertainer  you're just one more  he just gon' hurt you  well let 'em say what they wanna  i made a promise  to do you right and i'm gonna  girl, i'll do everything i can, prove i'm a better man than your friends think i am, oh... she got me speedin' in the fast lane, pedal to the floor, man tryna get back to her love best believe she got that good thang, she my little hood thang ask around, they know us they know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my.. i jus' gave her a nick name, it's wet-wet 'cause when we finished, she mess up all the bed sets she got somethin' to relax me when i'm under stress never told her or let her know it but she the best she like to spell her name wit her tongue on my chest if you'd of told me it was this good, i'd of never guessed she full of surprises, i don't know what she'll do next but while she sleep i sneak and put hickies on her neck and when she go out, she shut down the whole set love to see her in heels wit the slit in her dress she like to do her own hair and get her own checks my bust it baby, i keep her on deck she got me speedin' in the fast lane, pedal to the floor, man tryna get back to her love best believe she got that good thang, she my little hood thang ask around, they know us they know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my  b-baby! everybody know that's my..