what it do, baby boo? yeah, lil' mama, you lookin' good i see you wanna play with a player from the hood come holla' at me, you got it like that big snoop dogg with the lead pussycat i show you how it go down yeah, i wanna throw down  me and you one-on-one, treat it like a showdown you look at me and i look at you i'm reachin' for your shirt, what you want me to do? i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' typical ain't hardly the type i fall for i like when the physical don't leave me askin' for more i'm a sexy mama  who knows just how to get what i wanna  what i wanna do is spring this on ya  back up all of the things that i told ya  you been sayin' all the right things all night long but i can't seem to get you over here to help take this off baby, can't you see?  these clothes aren't fittin' on me  and the heat comin' from this beat?  i'm about to blow, i don't think you know i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' you say you're a big boy, but i can't agree 'cause the love you said you had ain't been put on me i wonder  if i'm just too much for you wonder  if my kiss don't make you just wonder , what i got next for you what you wanna do?  take the chance to recognize that this could be yours i can see, just like most guys, that your game don't please baby, can't you see?  these clothes are fittin' on me  and the heat comin' from this beat?  i'm about to blow, i don't think you know i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' now you can get what you want, but i need what i need now let me tell you what's crack-a-lackin' 'fore i proceed i'ma show you where to put it at pcd on me, yeah, i thought i saw a puddy-cat now roll with the big dog, all six of y'all on me now tell me how it feel, babydoll ashley, nicole, carmit, jessica, kimberly, melody, you tellin' me? loosen up my buttons, babe loosen up my buttons, babe baby, won't you loosen up my buttons, babe? loosen up my buttons, babe come on baby, loosen up my buttons, babe loosen up my buttons, babe baby, won't you loosen up my buttons, babe? loosen up my buttons, babe i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin'  i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin' i'm tellin' you to loosen up my buttons, babe  but you keep frontin'  sayin' what you're gon' do to me  but i ain't seen nothin'