i got my strap on my lap  got that og kush on deck  a good cup of that ciroc  okay, we ready  cash out cool 36 os so riding round with that nina riding with a ho named keisha, smokin' on keisha my diamonds talk for me, they say, hi, can i meet you? g5, how high in the sky, ho i can't see you got a condo on my wrist, girl, i'm cashing out got a condo around my neck, girl, i'm cashing out 36 os so i'm riding round with that nina my diamonds talk for me, they say hi, can i meet you? i got versace all on my back these hoes all on my back plus these plugs all on my back cause they know i'm moving that pack these louies all in my face four-fifths stay up on my waist plus it ain't on me for nothing so please don't make me catch a case cause bitch i'm 'bout it me walking round with no check on me, psshh yeah i doubt it your girl ain't finna leave with me, psshh yeah, i doubt it and i'm like, what the hell they talking 'bout? and if i got it i bought it, cause boy, you know i'm cashing out cool 36 os so riding round with that nina riding with a ho named keisha, smokin' on keisha my diamonds talk for me, they say, hi, can i meet you? g5, how high in the sky, ho i can't see you got a condo on my wrist, girl, i'm cashing out got a condo around my neck, girl, i'm cashing out 36 os so i'm riding round with that nina my diamonds talk for me, they say hi, can i meet you? okay, i drop the top hop in hoes they coming by flocks in birds they coming by flocks in pass them birds like stockton play with my money i'm popping no acting, but it's a movie got spinz on the beat so we ain't losing don't act like your ho ain't choosin i done blowed up, yeah i'm the bomb riding round blowing on stank bombs pussy so good you should thank moms top-floor suite chilling at the palms we want the whole loaf, leave y'all the crumbs till then i'm running my check up and it's fuck a bugatti, i'm calling my jet up cool 36 os so riding round with that nina riding with a ho named keisha, smokin' on keisha my diamonds talk for me, they say, hi, can i meet you? g5, how high in the sky, ho i can't see you got a condo on my wrist, girl, i'm cashing out got a condo around my neck, girl, i'm cashing out 36 os so i'm riding round with that nina my diamonds talk for me, they say hi, can i meet you? it's big pimping over here... church time to cop the maybach, already had the vert i got big money visions, sammy sosa pigeons what that mean? that mean they jumping out the kitchen and i'm on the money mission, nobody can stop me just grab your camcorder, press record and go on and watch me and you can skate on my ice just like you playing hockey and in the booth i beat the beat up, call me rocky yeah i'm cocky cool 36 os so riding round with that nina riding with a ho named keisha, smokin' on keisha my diamonds talk for me, they say, hi, can i meet you? g5, how high in the sky, ho i can't see you got a condo on my wrist, girl, i'm cashing out got a condo around my neck, girl, i'm cashing out 36 os so i'm riding round with that nina my diamonds talk for me, they say hi, can i meet you?