beatstaz! do your chain hang low? do it wobble to the flo'? do it shine in the light? is it platinum, is it gold? could you thow it over your shoulder? if ya hot, it'd make ya cold?  do your chain  hang  low? is that ya chain? 'bout twenty-four inches is how low i let it hang hop out the ride and let the dime smoke off the range just by the chain, you can tell the big kid do his thang you know the name is that ya chain? 'bout twenty-four inches is how low i let it hang hop out the ride and let the dime smoke off the range just by the chain, you can tell the big kid do his thang i'm off the chain yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm hot, kid chain so low, you would think the diamonds never stopped it and it's funny 'cause you could never stop it a bunch of rocks on my hand and i ain't even on the block, kid show 'em white gold, sorta hold it like my timbs and the chain hang twenty-four inches like the rims diamonds all blown up , sorta like a pimp so when the light hit the ice, it starts glistenin' off the tip  my chain hang, all it do is bling-bling half blue, half red, like my diamonds gang-bang and i don't even think we on the same thang charm so heavy, they couldn't lift it 'til the crane came  do your chain hang low? do it wobble to the flo'? do it shine in the light? is it platinum, is it gold? could you throw it over your shoulder? if ya hot, it'd make ya cold? do your chain hang low? do your chain hang low? do it wobble to the flo'? do it shine in the light? is it platinum, is it gold? could you throw it over your shoulder? if ya hot, it'd make ya cold? do your chain hang low?  yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so icy  my charm so heavy that my neck don't like me  gone and no, no, no, its not a game, kid  'cause i'll throw my chain in the crowd like game did  diamonds is nothin' to me  especially when i'm dressin' up, it's just a button to me   and not to mention my tees 'cause they color coordinated, complimentin' the teeth  so check out my swag the diamonds red, white and blue like the american flag  and see i got that nice cream my money i spent on jewels, i call it my ice cream  give you a black eye 'cause of the beating they think i am a mutant, the way your boy is beasting  i stay winnin' some time, you will call it cheating yeah, my boys always around  like it's a meeting is that ya chain?  'bout twenty-four inches is how low i let it hang  hop out the ride and let the dime smoke off the range  just by the chain you can tell the big kid do his thang  you know the name is that ya chain?  'bout twenty-four inches is how low i let it hang  hop out the ride and let the dime smoke off the range  just by the chain you can tell the big kid do his thang  i'm off the chain do your chain hang low? do it wobble to the flo'? do it shine in the light? is it platinum, is it gold? could you throw it over your shoulder? if ya hot, it'd make ya cold? do your chain hang low? do your chain hang low? do it wobble to the flo'? do it shine in the light? is it platinum, is it gold? could you throw it over your shoulder? if ya hot, it'd make ya cold? do your chain hang low?