we gonna get you high we gonna get you high we gonna get you high we gonna get you high we gonna get you high we gonna get you high let's get high let's get high i flow rhymes off just like weed in your chest think you got endo? hold your breath spittin' on the track with red and meth rollin' up a fat when you smoke, on cassette or cd's, we bees the ones with the ouija's spread it on the arm, come on, believe me look who it is, it's the funky feel smokin' assassin from cypress hill we think she's just resonated? fillin my brain 'til it's saturated when you get the kush weed and cultivate it give it to the hoes who love to hate it 'cause blunts get filled like hershey highways i don't give a fuck who sees where i blaze chillin' at the rainbow, high and faded you sitting at home, feeling isolated is there a doctor in the house? we like fuck that, nutsacks in your mouth lemme show you what a thug about we can talk or we can slug it out better yet, you can bark like your bitch when i dug it out there it is, a better kid, ahead of his time to settle this, like men i'm pipin' hot, exciting write a gem or hyping them, alright then all day i drink and smoke shell toe with ankles in, ya both scent, five cents, ten cents, dollar rockwilder blend the track again, holla ask your boy, now pass your boy something to smoke 'cause you have had nothing to throat, swallow bang the track, bring your bat ain't too many that can hang with that so why bother? cisco kid was a friend of mine hell yea cisco kid was a friend of mine hell yea he drank whiskey, pancho drank the wine hell yea he drank whiskey, pancho drank the wine hell yea yea, sen dog, and fall back and who wrote on this track i don't really give a fuck put the pen down, let's toss them up soul assassins, latin thugs whole damn world know about us rhymes we kick and weed we puff get tus vatos all fucked up and sing along to my get high song had you choking off a four foot bong cypress hill and weed, can't go wrong keep you smoking like cheech and chong yo, call me that doctor p-funk or chronic blower pussy smoker, strap toker, back broker hash burns in your pull-out sofa this is my brain on drugs move out my way, cuz  'cause i might run you over bitches, bounce your titties i bounce with a pump shotgun  look out, the highest man in the world walkin' off with my hand on your girl can't drink and can't stand when they hurl niggas, two puffs and then pass me the l what you talking about? i'm not high enough to start that party triple beater, enter the stage with a gauge  what, you ain't high enough?! do i gotta jump out there and tie you up? strap a bomb to your mouth, 'til you wired up 'til the park ranger call the firetruck and said hey motherfucker, what you be smoking on? i said, you punk motherfucker, why? do you want some? yo, yo, give me the gun, we don't need to fight hold that blunt, i'll give you a light don't no nigga want to die tonight with all this weed, get high tonight, bitch cisco kid was a friend of mine hell yea cisco kid was a friend of mine hell yea he drank whiskey, pancho drank the wine hell yea he drank whiskey, pancho drank the wine hell yea