you know i know how to make 'em stop and stare as i zone out the club can't even handle me right now watchin' you watchin' me, i go all out the club can't even handle me right now  the club can't even handle me right now  haha! can't nothin' handle me right now! i see you, d. guetta, let's get 'em! hey i own the night and i don't need no help gotta be the feeling that scarface felt stuntin' gone wild, can't handle this playa life of the club arrogant like yeah talk like money so the girls just melt one too many, all on me like twelve look like cash and they all just stare bottles, models, standin' on chairs ball out 'cause that's the business all out, it's so ridiculous zone out, so much attention scream out, i'm in the building, hey! they watchin', i know this i'm rockin', i'm rollin' i'm holdin', i know it, you know it you know i know how to make 'em stop and stare as i zone out the club can't even handle me right now watchin' you watchin' me, i go all out the club can't even handle me right now  the club can't even handle me right now  hey still feelin' myself, i'm like outta control can't stop now, more shots, let's go ten more rounds, can i get a k.o.? paparazzi tryna make me pose came to party 'til i can't no more celebrate 'cause that's all i know tip the groupies takin' off they clothes grand finale like super bowl go hard, i run the show that's right, wild out, got money to blow more lights, more ice, when i walk in the door no hype, do it big all over the globe yeah! i said it, go tell it confetti, who ready? i'm ready! you ready? let's get it! you know i know how to make 'em stop and stare as i zone out the club can't even handle me right now watchin' you watchin' me, i go all out the club can't even handle me right now     the club can't even handle me right now     you got me watchin' now  got my attention now  got everybody in the club wantin' to know now i am a ladies' man, come and be my lady and we can ball, so, ahh! bring ya body here, let me switch up ya atmosphere take you out of the club and up in my new lear  fly you all around the world whatchu want, baby girl? are you ready to go, now? you know i know how to make 'em stop and stare as i zone out the club can't even handle me right now watchin' you watchin' me, i go all out the club can't even handle me right now     the club can't even handle me right now  put your hands up! let's celebrate now! put your hands up! put your hands up! let's celebrate now! put your hands up! you know who shut 'em down!