ooh, woah, woah oh, woah i hung up the phone tonight something happened for the first time deep inside it was a rush, what a rush  'cause the possibility that you would ever feel the same way about me just too much, just too much  why do i keep runnin' from the truth? all i ever think about is you you got me hypnotized, so mesmerized and i just got to know do you ever think when you're all alone all that we could be, where this thing could go? am i crazy or fallin' in love? is it real or just another crush? do you catch your breath when i look at you? are you holdin' back like the way you do? 'cause i've tried and tried to walk away but i know this crush ain't goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah has it ever crossed your mind when we're hangin', spendin' time, girl are we just friends? is there more, is there more?  see, it's a chance we've gotta take 'cause i believe that we can make this into somethin' that will last, last forever, forever do you ever think when you're all alone all that we could be, where this thing could go? am i crazy or fallin' in love? is it real or just another crush? do you catch your breath when i look at you? are you holdin' back like the way you do? 'cause i've tried and tried to walk away but i know this crush ain't goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah why do i keep runnin' from the truth?  all i ever think about is you  you got me hypnotized , so mesmerized  and i just got to know do you ever think  when you're all alone  all that we could be, where this thing could go?  am i crazy or fallin' in love?  is it real or just another crush?  do you catch your breath when i look at you?  are you holdin' back like the way you do? 'cause i've tried and tried to walk away  but i know this crush ain't goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah   goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah goin' away   goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  oh  goin' away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah