real hot girl shit  that ain't dababy, that's my baby her friends and mom hate me  lay down on the bed, do the crybaby  she ain't gave me none of that pussy in a while she had the boy waitin', i don't mind waitin'  oh, you ain't gon' respond to my texts?  want me keep on my diamonds, we sex?  keisha? , jasmine? , kiera? megan?  lisa? ashley? , sierra? sarah? she got her hands on her knees with her ass in the air, ooh, that lil' bitch a player if her friends ain't around to record it, she bend over, shake that lil' ass in the mirror like goddamn, what a nigga gotta do for your number? shawty came through with that head so good, i said fuck it, i ain't usin' no rubber way she make that ass bounce, think i love her got that ass and that mouth from her mother type to make your bae mad, you in trouble nba playoffs that ass, it's a bubble uh-uh, uh-uh, come here, come here, uh-uh throw that ass back, come here, come here that ain't dababy, that's my baby her friends and mom hate me  lay down on the bed, do the crybaby  she ain't gave me none of that pussy in a while she had the boy waitin', i don't mind waitin' oh, you ain't gon' respond to my texts?  want me keep on my diamonds, we sex?   real hot girl shit  lay on my stomach, toot it up, do the crybaby  look back, hold it open, now he annihilated  moaning like a bitch when he hit this pussy damn, he probably wanna wear my hoodie  choke me, spank me, look at me, thank me  if i give it to another nigga, he'll hate me  spit, slurp, give him that work fell too fast for me, now the nigga hurt deeper, deeper, i need a reaper thought i was in trouble how he tearin' them cheeks up keep me a freak, who the flavor of the week? if i make up the rules, then i don't think it's cheatin' jordan, tommy, timothy, daniel  might let jonathan bring in sarah  bitch tryna brag about taking my man  hah, i needed me a nigga off my hands  uh-uh, don't fuck me like that, fuck me like this, yeah, ayy his friends and his dad hate me  i broke his lil' heart, he a crybaby  if i ain't let him hit the pussy by now then that nigga lame if he still waitin'  i ain't even save your number  so no, i can't reply to no text  i make him cry 'bout the pussy, hmm probably why my shit so wet