do, do you got a first aid kit handy? do, do you know how to patch up a wound? tell me, a-a-a-are you, are you patient, understanding? 'cause i might need some time to clear the hole in my heart, and i i tried every remedy and nothing seems to work for me baby  this situation's drivin' me crazy  and i really wanna be your lady  but the one before you left me so damaged  damaged  i thought that i should let you know that my heart is damaged  so damaged  and you can blame the one before so how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  do, do you got a first aid kit handy? do, do you know how to patch up a wound? tell me, a-a-a-are you, are you patient, understanding? 'cause i might need some time to clear the hole in my heart, and i you try to gain my trust, talking is not enough actions speak louder than words, you gotta show me something my heart is missing some pieces i need this puzzle put together again damaged  damaged  i thought that i should let you know  that my heart is damaged  so damaged  and you can blame the one before  so how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  can you fix my h-e-a-r-t?  'cause it's d-a-m-a-g-e-d  don't you know it's damaged? can you fix my h-e-a-r-t? tell me, are you up for the challenge? 'cause my heart is damaged  damaged  i thought that i should let you know that my heart is damaged  so damaged  and you can blame the one before  damaged  damaged  i thought that i should let you know  that my heart is damaged  so damaged  and you can blame the one before so, how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  how you gonna fix it, fix it, fix it?  my heart is damaged, damaged, damaged  my heart is damaged, damaged, damaged my heart is damaged, damaged, damaged  my heart is damaged, damaged, damaged my heart is damaged sometimes, you gotta go through the pain to experience the joy this too shall pass danity kane, ha ha, ha ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha  this too shall pass