when i see you on the street my whole body gets weak when you're standing in the crowd your love talks to me so loud girl, do i do what you do when i do my love to you? when i hear you on the phone your sweet, sexy voice turns my ear all the way on just the mention of your name seems to drive my head insane girl, do i do what you do when i do my love to you? baby mm, yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you my life has been waiting for your love my arms have been waiting for your love to arrive my heart has been waiting my soul anticipating your love, love, love from the time that i awake i'm imagining the good love that we'll make if to me, your vibe can do all this well, just imagine how it's gonna feel when we hug and kiss sugar, do i do what you do when i do my love to you? alright mm, yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you my life has been waiting for your love my arms have been waiting for your love to arrive my heart has been waiting my soul anticipating your love, your love, your love ladies and gentlemen i have the pleasure to present on my album mr. dizzy gillespie...blow! blow, blow, blow, blow, blow, blow! do i do what you do when i do my love to you? yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah, yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you my life has been waiting for your love my arms have been waiting for your love to arrive my heart has been waiting my soul anticipating your love, your love, your love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love oh, i don't care how long it might take 'cause i know the woman for me, you, i'll make and i will not deny myself the chance of being part of what feels like the right romance girl, do i do ooh, what you do when i do my love to you? oh, yeah oh yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you oh yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you oh yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you oh yes, i got some candy kisses for your lips yes, i got some watermelon honeysuckle chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you girl, i've got some candy kisses for your loving, baby oh, yeah do you want some candy? do you want some honeysuckle? do you want some chocolate dripping kisses full of love for you? oooo! ba-ba-ba-ba bum-bum-bum no-no-no-now-now girl, if you felt everything you heard me say turn your feelings in your heart back to me right away and i'll get it woo! do i do  what you do  when i do my love to you? do i do  what you do  when i do my love to you? do i do  what you do  when i do my love to you? do i do  what you do  when i do my love nate! i know the record's about to end but we're just gon' play and play until it goes away so, if you dont like the groove, you can turn the record off it won't cost you nothing but a penny and you'll have a cough i know i cannot rhyme 'cause i ain't like a friend of mine but i ha ha ha ha h-ha ha ha now everybody's talking about the jive is in well, i know i've got something for your body 'cause i earl! earl! earl's playing by himself, man earl's playing by himself, man earl's playing by himself earl's playing by himself, man dennis playing by himself, man five, four, three, two, one