hey jay sean , yeah  lil jon, ah this one right here  is for all the ladies  ladies, who want to take it back  oh, holler at 'em, jay i've been thinkin' about you and how we used to be then back when it didn't have to end we can start again there's nothin' left to say don't waste another day just you and me tonight everything'll be okay if it's alright with you then it's alright with me baby let's take this time let's make new memories  do you remember? do you remember? do you remember? all of the times we had do you remember? do you remember? do you remember? all of the times we had let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back yo, jay, sing to these ladies so long, since you've been missin' it's good to see you again how are you? how ya doin'? and how about we, don't let this happen again  there's nothin' left to say don't waste another day just you and me tonight everything'll be okay if it's alright with you  then it's alright with me  baby let's take this time  let's make new memories  do you remember? do you remember?  do you remember?  all of the times we had do you remember? do you remember?  do you remember?  all of the times we had  let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back  bring it back to the time when you and me had just begun when i was still your number one well it might seem far-fetched baby girl, but it can be done i've got this feeling fire blazing and it's hot just like the sun know you feel it too, my girl just free it up, may the good vibes run girl take a sip of the champagne take a likkle trip down my lane my girl wildin' out every night weh you'll feel alright make i tell you this girl atta my world don't change, i'ma not rearrange that girl make mi tell you this straight this is a my word a mi hear seh you want, come kiss this, girl cau' you miss this? that's what i heard that's what i heard  that's what i heard word, girl  there's nothin' left to say don't waste another day  just you and me tonight  everything'll be okay  if it's alright with you  then it's alright with me  baby let's take this time  let's make new memories  do you remember? do you remember? do you remember? all of the times we had  do you remember? do you remember?  do you remember?  all of the times we had  let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back , oh-oh let's bring it back, oh-oh let's bring it back