baby! do you understand me now? sometimes, i feel a little mad but don't you know that no one alive can always be an angel? when things go wrong, i seem to be bad 'cause i'm just a soul whose intentions are good oh, lord! please don't let me be misunderstood if i seem edgy, i want you to know that i never meant to take it out on you life has its problems and i've got my share that's one thing i never meant to do 'cause i love you baby! don't you know i'm just human and i've got thoughts like any other man? and sometimes i feel myself alone, regretting some foolish thing, some foolish thing i've done 'cause i'm just a soul whose intentions are good oh, lord! please don't let me be misunderstood oh, lord! don't you let me be misunderstood! don't let me be! don't let me be misunderstood! no! no! no! no! no! no! oh, come to me, baby! esmeralda come on, baby! you're so sweet my sweet esmeralda, babe! help me! help me! i love you! oh, don't play with me, baby! come on! come to me! esmeralda oh, baby! oh, please! oh, i need you, baby! my sweet esmeralda baby, do you understand me now? sometimes, i feel a little mad but don't you know that no one alive can always be an angel? when things go wrong, i seem to be bad 'cause i'm just a soul whose intentions are good oh, lord! please don't let me be misunderstood baby, sometimes, i'm so carefree with a joy that's hard to hide and sometimes it seems that all i have to do is worry and then you're bound to see my other side 'cause i'm just a soul whose intentions are good oh, lord! please don't let me be misunderstood if i seem edgy, i want you to know that i never meant to take it out on you life has its problems and i've got my share that's one thing i never meant to do 'cause i love you oh, baby! don't you know i'm human? i have thoughts like any other man and sometimes i feel myself alone, regretting some foolish thing, some foolish thing i've done 'cause i'm just a soul whose intentions are good oh, lord! please don't let me be misunderstood