i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, no i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, oh i don't wanna know wasted  and the more i drink, the more i think about you oh, no, no, i can't take it baby, every place i go reminds me of you do you think of me? of what we used to be? is it better now that i'm not around? my friends are actin' strange, they don't bring up your name are you happy now? are you happy now? i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, no i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, oh i don't wanna know and every time i go out, yeah i hear it from this one, hear it from that one that you got someone new yeah, i see, but don't believe it even in my head, you're still in my bed maybe i'm just a fool do you think of me? of what we used to be?  is it better now that i'm not around?  my friends are actin' strange , they don't bring up your name  are you happy now?  are you happy now? i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, no i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, oh i don't wanna know no more please stop  no more hashtag boo'd up screenshots  no more tryna make me jealous on your birthday  you know just how i make it better on your birthday, oh  do he do you like this, do he woo you like this?  do he lay it down for you, touch you, pull you like this?  matter of fact, never mind, we gon' let the past be  maybe he's right now, but your body's still with me, whoa  i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, no i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, oh i don't wanna know, know, know, know who's taking you home, home, home, home and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, oh  i don't wanna know, know, know, know  who's taking you home, home, home, home  and loving you so, so, so, so the way i used to love you, oh i don't wanna know