she want it, i can tell she want it want me to push up on it 'fore she know when i'm all on it we get the party goin', liquor flowin', this is fire 50 and jeremih, number one, there's nothing higher  get it, get it, work it, work it  break it, break it, down, down   get it, get it, work it, work it  break it, break it, down okay, she headed to the dance floor and she slowly start to poppin' it somethin' like my wrist piece, everybody got to watchin' it girl, you got that secret treasure, i'm gon' put a lock on it don't care what they say, i would be stupid to be not on it ms. vicky, heard you got that sticky let's go and take nine shots, we'll just call it fifty and i'm gonna lick it, lick it, lick it 'til her hicky ha-ha-have her river runnin' keep you gunnin' 'til you empty  oh-oh, you look so sweet what you work at bally's? look at your physique girl, you are a beauty, well-well, i am a beast they must have been trippin' to have let me off a leash i like the way you grind with that booty on me shorty, you a dime, why you lookin' lonely? go buy another round and it's all on me as long as i'm around, put it down on me just put it down on me, put it down on me down, down on me, put it down on me don't throw it off the mound, show me how it's 'gon be girl, all i really want is you down on me  system's thumpin', party jumpin', shorty, she's a perfect ten she rock her hips, then roll her hips, then drop it down like it's nothin' she shaped just like an hourglass, just how fast an hour passed time flies when i'm on that ass, but i won't put your shit on blast work it like a pro, pro, pro, sit and watch it go, go, go do her thing all on the flo', she bounce it fast and shake it slow so sexual, incredible, she beautiful, she edible i got her, i won't let her go, i ain't seen nothing better, yo  look at how she twerk it, the way she work it make me wanna hit it, hit it, heaven when i'm in it, in it  if i do not fit, i'm gonna make it girl, you can take it, don't stop, get it, get it i like the way you grind with that booty on me shorty, you a dime, why you lookin' lonely? go buy another round and it's all on me as long as i'm around, put it down on me just put it down on me, put it down on me down, down on me, put it down on me don't throw it off the mound, show me how it's 'gon be girl, all i really want is you down on me  say you independent , get it from your momma  tell me if you with it , do you really wanna?  baby, when you see me , you know i be on it  can you keep it up and  put it down up on me? say you independent, get it from your momma tell me if you with it, do you really wanna? baby, when you see me, you know i be on it can you keep it up and,put it down up on me? down with that booty on me  shorty, you a dime, why you lookin' lonely? oh baby, we can go  low  low, yeah i like the way you grind with that booty on me shorty, you a dime, why you lookin' lonely? go buy another round and it's all on me as long as i'm around, put it down on me just put it down on me, put it down on me down, down on me, put it down on me don't throw it off the mound, show me how it's 'gon be girl, all i really want is you down on me