lil dicky, ooh, oh  i woke up chris breezy oh my god, i'm the man  i'm so fly and i can dance  there's tattoos on my neck  i just facetimed kanye  i told him i'm his biggest fan, yeah  got all these hoes in my dm  hol' up, holy shit, i got a kid  oh, i can sing so well wonder if i can say the n-word  wait, can i really say the n-word? what up, my nigga?  what up, my nigga? big ups, my nigga, we up, my nigga you pussy-ass nigga, man, fuck y'all niggas 'cause i'm that nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga i'm that nigga  i woke up in chris brown's body  somehow this shit turned into freaky friday  but we got no choice but to turn this bitch sideways  i can't believe that it's freaky friday  yeah, it's freaky friday  i'm in chris brown's body i drive his ferrari and i'm light-skinned black  what the fuck? i woke up and i'm lil dicky  ah , this shit is real weak how his dick stayin' perched up on his balls like that? walkin' down the street and ain't nobody know my name  ain't no paparazzi flashin' pictures, this is great  ain't nobody judging 'cause i'm black or my controversial past i'ma go and see a movie and relax  ayy, i'm a blood, but i can finally wear blue  why's his mama callin' all the time? leave me the fuck alone, bitch  wait, if i'm in dicky's body, breezy is who?  hope my daughter's in school fuck, if i was chris brown, where would i be? what would i do?  i woke up in chris brown's body  somehow this shit turned into freaky friday  but we got no choice but to turn this bitch sideways  i can't believe that it's freaky friday  yeah, it's freaky friday  i'm in chris brown's body i look at my soft dick with delight, it's my dream dick if i was lil dicky in my body, where would i be?  i'm tryna find myself like an introspective monk  i'm ballin' on the court, oh my god, i can dunk  snap a flick of my junk my dick is trending on twitter? fuck now i'm at the club, i talked my way into gettin' in  i look up in the vip, my goodness, there i am  i signal to him to let me in, but he won't let me in i don't know who that is wait, who the fuck he think he is?  took a glass bottle, shatter it on the bouncer's head  walked up to that motherfucker wait, think it through for a sec if you hurt me, then you only hurtin' yourself but wait, i love myself that was the key, now we're switchin' back  i woke up in chris brown's body  somehow this shit turned into freaky friday  but we got no choice but to turn this bitch sideways  i can't believe that it's freaky friday  wait, what the fuck? and now i'm in ed sheeran's body it's way less cool than being chris brown was what the fuck? again? i'm dj khaled! why am i yellin'? huh, i'm kendall jenner, i got a vagina i'm gonna explore that right now  holy shit, i got a vagina , i'm gonna learn i'm gonna understand the inner workings of a woman