to believe or not to believe that is the question it just takes a street degree you've lied your last lie and i've cried my last cry i'm out the door, babe there's other fish in the sea girl, make a list go out and find yourself a new bad thing girl, you need a trip 'cause he's not worth the misery and pain just remember how he would tell you lies and then pretend that everything is so sweet why should you sacrifice if you're not satisfied? he's just a canine runnin' 'round in heat girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad? oh girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah woah, girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad?  oh girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah girl, you must resist don't let him squirm his way into your heart no, girl, i must insist you've got to stop the fool before he starts just remember how he was so untrue with all the tacky things he did to you no need to signify, 'cause he's not worth your time you need to find someone that's true to you girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad? oh girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad?  baby, don't be sad , no girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah to believe or not to believe that is the question it just takes a street degree you've lied your last lie and i've cried my last cry i'm out the door, babe there's other fish in the sea  cute, cute, cute, cute hey, deele, sing! to believe or not to believe that is the question it just takes a street degree you've lied your last lie and i've cried my last cry i'm out the door, babe there's other fish in the sea girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad? girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad? oh girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad? oh girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad? oh girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah girlfriend, how could you let him treat you so bad?  baby, don't be sad , no girlfriend, you know you were the best he ever had oh, oh, oh-woah don't let him put you down girl, he's been messing around you've been used, abused so, baby, make your move you've learned your lesson now so, turn this hurt around don't be no fool, 'cause you've got to bust loose girlfriend, yeah how could you let him treat you so bad? oh oh, girlfriend you know you were the best he ever had  oh, oh, oh-woah don't let him put you down girl, he's been messing around you've been used, abused so, baby, make your move you've learned your lesson now so, turn this hurt around don't be no fool, 'cause you've got to bust loose girlfriend, yeah how could you let him treat you so bad? oh girlfriend