lately i've been trying to figure out your mind and why you keep dissing me poor little me and why you had the change of heart to turn it all around and then try to put it on me poor little me but don't you know i can be a trip i can make things hard but baby, i believe that you still got a heart that's why i try to stop myself before i start 'cause i can make it rough, i can make it tough, but i won't well, i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out baby, work it on, work it on out.  baby, work it on, work in on out.  oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh baby, how could you be hanging out on a diamond queen ain't you missing me, poor little me when you knew all the time that you could've been with your home girl loving and a-kissing on me sweet little me but don't you know if you wanna be a man you gotta work real hard if you wanna make me feel like i'm your number one then nothing in the world should make us part 'cause we can make it work if you take away the hurt from my heart i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out baby, work it on, work it on out.  work it, baby  keep trying to work it on, work it on, work it on, work it on out  work it, baby  keep trying to work it on out. mmmm  i can be a trip, but i choose not to  deep inside of you, i think there's still good in you, boy  don't give me no reason not to trust you  just take the benefit don't give me no lip and i'll be sweet to you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you g-g-giving you, giving you giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you  giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you  giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you  giving you, giving you, giving you, giving you  giving you, giving you i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out i'll be giving it to you.  giving it to you.  i'll be giving it to you.  giving it to you. oooh, oooh, oooh.   i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit whoo!  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit whoo!  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit i'll be giving you a minute or two to try to work it out i wanna work it out, babe i'll be giving you a minute or two to try to work it out but don't you take too long, baby i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out i'll be giving you the benefit of the doubt and i'm giving you a minute to try to work it on out i'll be giving it to you.  giving it to you.  i'll be giving it to you.  giving it to you. oooh, oooh, oooh.   i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit whoo!  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit whoo!  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit whoo!  i wanna give it, i'm giving you the benefit