brrrrrrrrrr! alright! bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum-bum-bum bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum-bum-bum bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum-bum-bum bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum, bum-bum-bum-bum oooh, baby. what? how about givin' me some of that good stuff well, here it is, here it is here it is, here it is are you lookin' for it? are you lookin' for it? you'll hear it from me good stuff, baby do you want it? do you know how to get it? that good stuff, baby good, good stuff i got sincerity that's bonified and a heart so fine it's certified so let your good stuff rain down on me your dang good stuff that's true and tried are you lookin' for it? are you lookin' for it? you'll hear it from me good stuff, baby do you want it? do you know how to get it? that good stuff, baby good, good stuff what's the use of gettin' if you ain't sharin'? my eyes are strainin' from all the starin' you've become my magnificent obsession so how's about joinin' my lovin' session? are you ready? i'm ready are you ready? uh, yeah are you ready for this? i guess so come on, baby, say whoa! take me down where the love honey flows kiss you nice, nibble your toes take me down where the good stuff grows love you nice, tickle your nose good stuff gimme some of that good stuff good stuff gimme some of that good stuff good stuff gimme some of that good stuff good stuff gimme some of that good stuff the big dipper sure ain't big enough to hold all of your dang good stuff so let the people say we're downright nasty i just say we're down right that good stuff that i am seekin' it's got me peakin' and it's got me freakin' watch my lips, i am speakin' it's got me trickin' and it's got me treatin' i got sincerity that's bonified so come on and let your good stuff rain down on me  i want the stuff  that's true and tried take me to the place they have the good stuff yeah take me down where the love honey flows kiss you nice, nibble your toes take me down where the good stuff grows love you nice, tickle your nose take me down where the love honey flows kiss you nice, nibble your toes take me down where the good stuff grows love you nice, tickle your nose good stuff gimme some of that good stuff good stuff gimme some of that good stuff good stuff gimme some of that good stuff good stuff gimme some of that good stuff don't leave me hangin' i wanna be dangin' with your dang good stuff! don't leave me hangin' i wanna be dangin' with your dang good stuff! hey ladies, do you want it, yeah hey fellas, you got to have it, yeah gonna wallow in the lovin' hollow gonna wallow in your dang good stuff! gonna wallow in the lovin' hollow gonna wallow in your dang good stuff! hey ladies,  do you want it, yeah.  hey fellas,  you got to have it, yeah.  hey! that good-good-good-good-good-good-good stuff! that good-good-good-good-good-good-good stuff, yeah!