rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, make me a grill uh, uh add the whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold yo we 'bout to start an epidemic with this one y'all know what this is, so so def  got thirty down at the bottom, thirty more at the top  all invisible set in little ice cube blocks if i could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks if i could call out a price, let's say i call out a lot i got like platinum and white rose, traditional gold i'm changin' grills every day, like jay change clothes i might be grilled out nicely , in my white tee  or on south beach , in my wife beat vvs studded, you can tell when they cut it you see, my grandmama hate it, but my lil' mama love it 'cause when i open up your mouth, your grill gleamin'  eyes stay low from the chiefin'  i got a grill i call penny candy, you know what that mean? it look like now and laters, gumdrops, jelly beans i wouldn't leave you for nothing, only a crazy man would so if you catch me in your city, somewhere out in your hood, just say smile for me, daddy  what you lookin' at?  let me see ya grill let me see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, make me a grill, she said smile for me, daddy what you lookin' at?  i wanna see ya grill you wanna see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold  what it do, baby? it's the iceman, paul wall  i got my mouth lookin' something like a disco ball  i got the diamonds and the ice all hand set i might cause a cold front if i take a deep breath  my teeth gleaming like i'm chewing on aluminum foil smiling, showing off my diamonds, sippin' on some potent oil  i put my money where my mouth is and bought a grill twenty carats, thirty stacks, let 'em know i'm so for real  my motivation is them thirty pointers, vvs the frontage in my mouthpiece simply symbolize success  i got the wristwear and neckwear that's captivating  but it's my smile that got these onlookers spectating  my mouthpiece simply certified a total package open up my mouth and you see more carrots than a salad  my teeth are mind-blowin', givin' everybody chills call me george foreman, 'cause i'm sellin' everybody grills smile for me, daddy  woo, what you lookin' at? uh let me see your grill let you see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, make me a grill, she said smile for me, daddy  what you lookin' at? uh i wanna see your grill you wanna see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold  gipp got them yellows, got them purples, got them reds  lights gon' hit and make you woozy in your head  you can catch me in my too hort drop mouth got colors like a fruit loop box it's what it do, in the lou', ice grill, country grammar where the hustlers move bricks and the gangsters bang hammers where i got 'em, you can spot 'em on the top and the bottom got a bill in my mouth like i'm hillary rodham ain't dissin' nobody, but let's bring it to the light gipp was the first with my mouth bright white  these ho's can't focus 'cause they eyesight blurry tippin' on some 4's, you can see my mouth jewelry i got four different sets, it's a fabulous thang one white, one yellow, like fabolous chain and the other set the same, got my name in the moldadd a whole top diamond and the bottom rose gold  smile for me, daddy  what you lookin' at? uh let me see your grill let you see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, make me a grill, she said smile for me, daddy  what you lookin' at?  i wanna see your grill you wanna see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold  boy, how'd you get your grill that way?  and how much did you pay? every time i see you, the first thing i wan' say, hey smile for me, daddy  what you lookin' at?  let me see your grill let you see my what?  ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill rob the jewelry store and tell 'em, make me a grill, she said smile for me, daddy  what you lookin' at?  i wanna see your grill you wanna see my what? ya, ya grill , ya, ya, ya grill add a whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold