yeah, yeah, yeah  yeah, yeah, yeah  ah yeah yeah yeah  ah yeah  ah yeah  ah yeah  yeah  ah yeah  ah yeah  ah yeah  yeah  they can say whatever, i'ma do whatever no pain is forever, yup! you know this  tougher than a lion, ain't gon' needa try it i live where the sky ends, yup! you know this  never lying, truth-teller that rihanna reign just won't let up all-black on, blacked-out shades  blacked-out maybach i'ma rock this shit like fashion as in, going 'til they say stop  and my runway never looked so clear but the hottest bitch in heels right here  no fear, and while you're getting your cry on i'm getting my fly on sincere, i see you aiming at my pedestal i better let you know that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  so hard  so hard  so hard  so hard  brrah, ah  that rihanna reign just don't let up brrah, ah, ah  that rihanna reign just don't let up brrah, ah  that rihanna reign just don't let up so hard  so hard  so hard  so hard  all up on it, know you wanna clone it ain't like me, that chick too phony  ride this beat, beat, beat like a pony meet me at the top, top, top getting lonely  who think they test me now? run through your town, i shut it down brilliant, resilient fan mail from twenty-seven million  and i want it all it's gonna take more than that, hope that ain't all you got i need it all  the money, the fame, the cars, the clothes i can't just let you run up on me like that all on me like that, yeah i see you aiming at my pedestal so i think i gotta let you know that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  so hard  so hard  so hard  so hard  it's go hard or go home, back to your residence soon the red dogs give the block back to the presidents i used to run my whole block like obama them you ain't gotta believe me, go ask my momma them couldn't even come in my room, smelled like a kilo look like me and two of my boys playing casino count the style i keep in my bag, they can't afford it tell 'em give me back my swag, they tryna clone it see my louis chucks, louis flag, louis frames louis belt, what that make me, louis mane? i'm in the all-white party wearing all black with my new black watch, call it the heart attack cardiac arrest, carti'ac a wrist yeah, they say they hard, they ain't hard as this hard the one word describes me if i wasn't doing this, you know where i'd be to 'em where them girls talking trash? where them girls talking trash? where they at? where they at? where they at? where them bloggers at? where them bloggers at? where they at? where they at? where they at? where your lighters at? where your lighters at? where they at? where they at? where they at? so hard  so hard  so hard  so hard  that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  that i, i, i, i'm so hard  yeah, yeah, yeah, i'm so hard  so hard, so hard  so hard, so hard  that i, i, i