ah yeah, i'm glad i put this tape in i'm just gon' cruise down the road look at the stars in the sky and drift off into the sweet memories that i have of a love that my heart has been searching for for so long, and i know somewhere if i keep looking, that love i'll find the picture grows clearer and clearer from the back to the front of my mind and like love, a love i know i'll have the girl that i want, she'll be mine, she'll be fly, and it'll last i see her face and i can't let go she's in my dreams and my heart, so let me know  have you seen her?  i'm looking for that love she's a thought and a vision in my memory i haven't met her, but tell me where could she be  have you seen her?  i'm looking for that special love  love is a feeling that the hammer definitely needs  baby be mine  i need your love to make it so why don't you be mine the search is going on from coast to coast a woman for the man, who's propping the most  have you seen her?  my heart is beating strong this love cannot be wrong i need her and i want her, so come on to my home  have you seen her?  i'm a keep looking at the movies, in my car, on my stereo at a game, a different world or the cosby show  have you seen her?  yo veo, tell me what's up at the track, at the club, or out buying dub if you've seen her, then i'll have her, cause i'm in love  have you seen her?  my heart is hurting so bad  love is a feeling that i know i need  be mine baby  i need your love to make it why don't you be mine  where could she be? at the store around the corner or wondering at night or chilling with another brother holding the mic  have you seen her?  hammer, you know i'm looking calling all my friends all around the place guy, levert, or my homey rob base  have you seen her?  if you've peeped her out, tell me yo, let me get on the phone ted, dre, or ed lover fab 5 freddy, won't you help a young brother  have you seen her?  i got a picture in my mind the thought is so clear of the love i need here like houdini, be magic and why don't you appear  oh baby, why don't you appear  i can see yo' face i'm seeing her face, again and again come knocking at my door, and you know i'll let you in  have you seen her?  oh, my sweet love searching 'round the world, what more can i say? the girl is hard to see like an unseen vj