in the night, i hear 'em talk the coldest story ever told somewhere far along this road he lost his soul to a woman so heartless how could you be so heartless? oh, how could you be so heartless? how could you be so cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo? just remember that you talkin' to me though you need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo i mean, after all the things that we been through i mean, after all the things we got into ayo, i know of some things that you ain't told me ayo, i did some things but that's the old me and now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me so you walk around like you don't know me you got a new friend, well, i got homies but in the end, it's still so lonely in the night, i hear 'em talk the coldest story ever told somewhere far along this road he lost his soul to a woman so heartless how could you be so heartless? oh, how could you be so heartless? how could you be so dr. evil? you're bringin' out a side of me that i don't know i decided we wasn't gon' speak so why we up 3 a.m. on the phone? why do she be so mad at me fo'? homie, i don't know, she's hot and cold i won't stop, won't mess my groove up cause i already know how this thing go you run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me they say that they don't see what you see in me you wait a couple of months, then you gon' see you'll never find nobody better than me in the night, i hear 'em talk  the coldest story ever told somewhere far along this road he lost his soul to a woman so heartless how could you be so heartless? oh, how could you be so heartless? talk and talk and talk and talk baby, let's just knock it off they don't know what we been through they don't know 'bout me and you so i got somethin' new to see and you just gon' keep hatin' me and we just gon' be enemies i know you can't believe i could just leave it wrong and you can't make it right i'm gon' take off tonight into the night in the night, i hear 'em talk the coldest story ever told somewhere far along this road he lost his soul to a woman so heartless how could you be so heartless?  oh, how could you be so heartless? on and on and on and on and on and, and on and on and on