hello helluva! hey, how you doin'? it's me, the mac of bhc, pursuin' ya who in the world gave you the right to look so well, um, ah,  suckin' on a pickle with a now-a-later in the middle how i feel for you, girl, it's no riddle  yeah, i got to have her she looks mo' better, so i want her mo' badder than a thick man in quick sand - hope for help at a glance, i'ma go for self she's as cute as a puss in boots with good hair, and it's real to the roots damn near perfect, all my life i've prayed for an all world girl who's sweet as kool-aid and thoughts of doin' that onion can make me cry you're helluva babe, oh, me, oh, my helluva helluva! she's so fine helluva helluva! blows my mind helluva helluva! lights my need helluva helluva! she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life i'm not the kind for nine-to-five 'cause i rhyme to survive i guess i do alright 'cause i'm stayin' alive i'm in the game of fame gang of girls want my last name not for love, but for life in the fast lane golddiggers see dollar so they scream and holler at my concerts hopin' i notice 'em but it don't work 'cause i hate a girl loud as a speaker don't get me wrong, i also hate salad eaters only's been bid to those in the mid of the two extremes yeah you know what i mean love is blind, but i see good i think you're helluva, helluva agreed, b-hood?  yeah, i knew you'd agree there's no mistakin' she's b.a.d.! i court her, support her, escort her and sport her she's the talk of the town and i'm the reporter she's helluva helluva helluva! she's so fine helluva helluva! blows my mind helluva helluva! lights my need helluva helluva! she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life we're still lovey-dovey but it ain't all roses cause she's so helluva and other brothers know this we can't even go in the mall walkin' without brothers hawkin', stalkin' and talkin' that talk 'bout what they'd do if they were me but she's locked up and if ain't the key wolf whistle i heard a brother whistle i said, what up, it's time i nut up and pull out my pistol load the clip and start git-git-gattin'  shee brothers stopped mackin' bend down and tell him, it's not 'cause i'm jealous hey, just don't disrespect me fella now she's mad cause she thinks that i'm violent the treatment i get is ... silent so yo, bro, know next time you slip there's a fee  hey, 'cause helluva's wit' me helluva helluva! she's so fine helluva helluva! blows my mind helluva helluva! lights my need helluva helluva! she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life she's a helluva girl, yeah the one i want in my life