ladies up in here tonight no fightin'  no fightin' no fightin' shakira, shakira i never really knew that she could dance like this  she make a man wanna speak spanish cmo se llama? , bonita?  mi casa , su casa oh, baby, when you talk like that  you make a woman go mad  so be wise , and keep on  reading the signs of my body  no fightin' i'm on tonight you know my hips don't lie  and i'm starting to feel it's right all the attraction, the tension don't you see, baby? this is perfection hey, girl, i can see your body moving and it's driving me crazy  and i didn't have the slightest idea until i saw you dancin'  and when you walk up on the dance floor, nobody cannot ignore the way you move your body, girl  and everything's so unexpected, the way you right and left it so you can keep on shakin' it  i never really knew that she could dance like this  she make a man wanna speak spanish cmo se llama? , bonita?  mi casa , su casa oh, baby, when you talk like that  you make a woman go mad  so be wise , and keep on  reading the signs of my body no fightin' i'm on tonight you know my hips don't lie  and i'm starting to feel you, boy  come on, let's go, real slow don't you see, baby? as es perfecto they know i'm on tonight  my hips don't lie and i'm starting to feel it's right all the attraction, the tension don't you see, baby? this is perfection  oh, boy, i can see your body movin', half-animal, half-man i don't, don't really know what i'm doin' but you seem to have a plan  my will and self-restraint have come to fail now, fail now see, i'm doing what i can, but i can't, so, you know that's a bit too hard to explain  baila en la calle de noche  baila en la calle de da  baila en la calle de noche  baila en la calle de da  i never really knew that she could dance like this  she make a man wanna speak spanish  cmo se llama? , bonita?  mi casa , su casa oh, baby, when you talk like that   you know you got me hypnotized  so be wise , and keep on  readin' the signs of my body  seorita, feel the conga let me see you move like you come from colombia yeah, oh, yeah, ladies, s!  mira, en barranquilla se baila as, say it!  en barranquilla se baila as  ayy , yeah she's so sexy, every man's fantasy a refugee like me back with the fugees from a third world country  i go back like when 'pac carried crates for humpty humpty we leave the whole club jazzy why the cia wanna watch us? it's the colombians and haitians i ain't guilty, it's a musical transaction bo-bop-so-bop, no more do we snatch ropes refugees run the seas, 'cause we own our own boats, boats  i'm on tonight my hips don't lie, and i'm starting to feel you, boy come on, let's go, real slow baby, like this is perfecto  oh, you know i'm on tonight my hips don't lie, and i'm starting to feel it's right the attraction, the tension baby, like this is perfection no fightin' no fightin'