real hot girl shit real, real ass bitch, give a fuck 'bout a nigga hot barbie summer real, real, real ass bitch, give a fuck 'bout a nigga  don't run from me, friend, haha real ass nigga, give a fuck 'bout a bitch it is what it is, this some five star dick she a big ol' freak, it's a must that i hit it's a hot girl summer, so you know she got it lit real ass bitch, know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah real ass bitch , know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah, yeah handle me?  who gon' handle me?  thinkin' he's a player, he's a member on the team he put in all that work, he wanna be the mvp  i told him ain't no taming me, i love my niggas equally fuckin' 9-to-5 niggas with that superstar d  fucked a superstar nigga, now i got him ballin'  i caught a jet to get that neck, i told him call, don't send no text  and don't you tell 'em you with me when they be askin' where you at, ah i can't read your mind, gotta say that shit  should i take your love? should i take that dick? got a whole lot of options 'cause you know a bitch poppin'  i'm a hot girl, so you know ain't shit stoppin'  real ass nigga, give a fuck 'bout a bitch it is what it is, this some five star dick she a big ol' freak, it's a must that i hit it's a hot girl summer, so you know she got it lit real ass bitch, know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah real ass bitch , know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah, yeah  who a hotter b? who got a lot of d? who poppin' like a p when he be hoppin' out the v?  and who gon' tell him that my bitch is getting her degree? and when we say it's hot girl summer, we ain't talkin' 'bout degrees who unfollowed me? like who don't follow me? 'cause even in your new bitch, i can see a lot of me and honestly i'm honored 'cause that shit be comedy you ain't put me in no brands, but i see you proud of me i'm just a real ass bitch, give a fuck about a trick on some real ass shit, and we really with the shit put this pussy on your lip, give a fuck about the dick i get that rrr and then i rrr, i grab my shit and then i dip, ooh real ass nigga, give a fuck 'bout a bitch it is what it is, this some five star dick she a big ol' freak, it's a must that i hit it's a hot girl summer, so you know she got it lit real ass bitch, know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah real ass bitch , know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah, yeah look, college girl, but a freak on the weekend  eat that dick up even when i'm going vegan he be trippin' on me and i know the reason  i gotta break up with my nigga every season real hot girl shit, ayy, i got one or two baes  if you seen it last night, don't say shit the next day  let me drive the boat, ayy , kiss me in a rolls, ayy  it go down on that brown, now we goin' both ways, ah i can't read your mind, gotta say that shit  should i take your love? should i take that dick? got a whole lot of options 'cause you know a bitch poppin'  i'm a hot girl, so you know ain't shit stoppin'  real ass nigga, give a fuck 'bout a bitch it is what it is, this some five star dick she a big ol' freak, it's a must that i hit it's a hot girl summer, so you know she got it lit real ass bitch, know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah real ass bitch , know she got it lit hot girl summer so you know she got it lit, yeah, yeah  got a whole lot of options 'cause you know a bitch poppin' hey, hey whole lot of options 'cause you know a bitch poppin'  hey, hey i'm a hot girl so you know ain't shit stoppin'  hey, hey i'm a hot girl so you know ain't shit stoppin' know we got it lit, yeah