my pappy said, son, you're gonna' drive me to drinkin' if you don't stop drivin' that hot rod lincoln. have you heard this story of the hot rod race when fords and lincolns was settin' the pace that story is true, i'm here to say i was drivin' that model a it's got a lincoln motor and it's really souped up that model a body makes it look like a pup it's got eight cylinders uses them all it's got overdrive, just won't stall with a 4-barrel carb and a dual exhaust with 4.11 gears you can really get lost it's got safety tubes, but i ain't scared the brakes are good, tires fair pulled out of san pedro late one night the moon and the stars was shinin' bright we was drivin' up grapevine hill passing cars like they was standing still all of a sudden in a wink of an eye a cadillac sedan passed us by i said, boys, that's a mark for me! by then the taillight was all you could see now the fellas was ribbin' me for bein' behind so i thought i'd make the lincoln unwind took my foot off the gas and man alive i shoved it on down into overdrive wound it up to a hundred-and-ten my speedometer said that i hit top end my foot was glued like lead to the floor that's all there is and there ain't no more now the boys all thought i'd lost my sense and telephone poles looked like a picket fence they said, slow down! i see spots! the lines on the road just look like dots. took a corner sideswiped a truck crossed my fingers just for luck my fenders was clickin' the guardrail posts the guy beside me was white as a ghost smoke was comin' from out of the back when i started to gain on that cadillac knew i could catch him, i thought i could pass don't you know by then we'd be low on gas? we had flames comin' from out of the side feel the tension. man! what a ride! i said, look out, boys, i've got a license to fly! and that caddy pulled over and let us by now all of a sudden she started to knockin' and down in the dips she started to rockin' i looked in my mirror a red light was blinkin' the cops was after my hot rod lincoln! they arrested me and they put me in jail and called my pappy to throw my bail and he said, son, you're gonna' drive me to drinkin' if you don't stop drivin' that hot... rod... lincoln!