i'm nice right now man i-i feel good if you have a drink, would you please put it in the air? that party last night was awfully crazy, i wish we taped it i danced my ass off and had this one girl completely naked drink my beer and smoke my weed but my good friends is all i need pass out at three, wake up at ten go out to eat, then do it again man, i love college i wanna go to college for the rest of my life sip banker's club, and drink miller lite on thirsty thursday and tuesday night ice and i can get pizza a dollar a slice so fill up my cup, let's get fucked up  i'm next on the table, who want what i am champion, at beer pong allen iverson, hakeem olajuwon don't even bounce, not in my house better hope you make it, otherwise, you naked time isn't wasted, when you're getting wasted woke up today, and all i could say is, um that party last night was awfully crazy, i wish we taped it  i danced my ass off and had this one girl completely naked drink my beer and smoke my weed but my good friends is all i need pass out at three, wake up at ten go out to eat, then do it again man, i love college  and i love drinking  i love women  man, i love college  i can't tell you what i learned from school but, i could tell you a story or two um, yeah, of course, i learned some rules like don't pass out with your shoes on and don't leave the house, 'till the booze gone and don't have sex, if she's too gone when it comes to condoms, put two on then tomorrow night, find a new jawn hold the beer bong, nothing wrong with some fun even if we did get a little bit too drunk time isn't wasted, when you're getting wasted woke up today, and all i could say is that party last night was awfully crazy, i wish we taped it  i danced my ass off and had this one girl completely naked drink my beer and smoke my weed but my good friends is all i need pass out at three, wake up at ten go out to eat, then do it again man, i love college  and i love drinking  i love women  i love college  now if everybody would please put their drink, as high as they can as high as they can, and repeat after me chug! chug! chug! chug! chug! chug! chug! chug! freshmen! freshmen! freshmen! freshmen! do something crazy! do something crazy! do something crazy! do something crazy! keg-stand! keg-stand! keg-stand! keg-stand!  man i love college, i love it  goodnight everybody i gotta head back to class for a little bit that party last night was awfully crazy, i wish we taped it  i danced my ass off and had this one girl completely naked drink my beer and smoke my weed  but my good friends is all i need  pass out at three, wake up at ten go out to eat, then do it again man, i love college do i really have to graduate, or can i just stay here for the rest of my life? but after that you know what's goin' down my house and 3 kegs see you there, you're all invited bring your friends, bring your mom do i really have to graduate or can i just stay here the rest of my life?