i was distracted and in traffic i didn't feel it when the earthquake happened but it really got me thinkin', were you out drinkin'? were you in the living room, chillin', watchin' television? it's been a year now, think i've figured out how how to let you go and let communication die out i know, you know, we know you weren't down for forever and it's fine i know, you know, we know we weren't meant for each other and it's fine but if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? you'd come over and you'd stay the night would you love me for the hell of it? all our fears would be irrelevant if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? the sky'd be falling and i'd hold you tight and there wouldn't be a reason why we would even have to say goodbye if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? right? if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? right? i tried to imagine your reaction it didn't scare me when the earthquake happened but it really got me thinkin', the night we went drinkin' stumbled in the house and didn't make it past the kitchen ah, it's been a year now, think i've figured out how how to think about you without it rippin' my heart out and i know, you know, we know you weren'tdown for forever and it's fine i know, you know, we know we weren't meant for each other and it's fine but if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? you'd come over and you'd stay the night would you love me for the hell of it? all our fears would be irrelevant if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? sky'd be falling while i hold you tight no, there wouldn't be a reason why we would even have to say goodbye if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? you'd come over, right? you'd come over, you'd come over, you'd come over, right? mm i know, you know, we know you weren't down for forever and it's fine i know, you know, we know we weren't meant for each other and it's fine but if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? you'd come over and you'd stay the night would you love me for the hell of it? all our fears would be irrelevant if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? the sky'd be falling while i hold you tight no, there wouldn't be a reason why we would even have to say goodbye if the world was ending, you'd come over, right? you'd come over, you'd come over, you'd come over, right? hmm if the world was ending, you'd come over, right?