la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la oh, baby, baby, have you seen amy tonight? is she in the bathroom? is she smoking up outside?  oh, baby, baby, does she take a piece of lime for the drink that i'ma buy her? do you know just what she likes?  oh, oh, tell me, have you seen her? 'cause i'm so, oh, i can't get her off of my brain i just wanna go to the party she gon' go can somebody take me home? ha-ha, hee-hee, ha-ha, ho love me, hate me, say what you want about me but all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy love me, hate me, but can't you see what i see? all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy  la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la amy told me that she's gonna meet me up i don't know where or when, and now they're closing up the club  i've seen her once or twice before, she knows my face but it's hard to see with all the people standing in the way  oh, oh, tell me, have you seen her? 'cause i'm so, oh, i can't get her off of my brain i just wanna go to the party she gon' go can somebody take me home? ha-ha, hee-hee, ha-ha, ho love me, hate me, say what you want about me but all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy love me, hate me, but can't you see what i see? all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy  oh, say what you want about me oh, but can't you see what i see?  yeah, say what you want about me so tell me if you see her  'cause i've been waiting here forever  oh, baby, baby, if you seek amy tonight  oh, baby, baby, we'll do whatever you like oh, baby, baby, baby oh, baby, baby, baby la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la love me, hate me, say what you want about me but all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy love me, hate me, but can't you see what i see? all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy love me, hate me, say what you want about me  love me, hate me, but can't you see what i see? all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy  oh, say what you want about me oh, but can't you see what i see?  yeah, say what you want about me all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to, if you seek amy