call me good call me bad call me anything you want to, baby but i know that youre sad and i know ill make you happy with the one thing that you never had baby, im your man dont you know that? baby, im your man you bet! if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me! if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me! if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me! if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me! so good, youre divine wanna take you, wanna make you but they tell me its a crime! everybody knows where the good people go but where were going baby aint no such word as no! baby, im your man dont you know who i am? baby, im your man you bet! if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me  if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me  if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me  if youre gonna do it, do it right to do it on my own first class information sense your inspiration and with some stimulation we can do it right so why waste time with the other guys when you can have mine? i aint askin for no sacrifice baby, your friends do not need to know! ive got a real nice place to go listen i dont need you to care i dont need you to understand, yeah all i want is for you to be there and when im turned on, if you want me im your man!  if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me now listen if youre gonna do it, you know what i say? if youre gonna do it dont throw it away dont throw it baby  because ill be your boy, ill be your man ill be the one who understands ill be your first, ill be your last ill be the only one you ask ill be your friend, ill be your toy ill be the one who brings you joy ill be your hope, ill be your pearl ill take you halfway round the world! ill make you rich, ill make you poor just dont use the door if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me if youre gonna do it, do it right  do it with me