band uh, i don't know it's... it's just a thing with me you know if i see somethin' that i like, it's a... i have to go for it and i like what i see, baby ah, come here i got real bored on a friday night i couldn't find a damn thing to do so i pulled out a suit about the same color as my bmw i drove to the party and i stepped on in just to see what i could see everybody knew what i was lookin' for, i was lookin' for some company  that's right! jerk out jerkin' everything in sight and you know that i'm talkin' about the jerk out  got to make some love tonight and you know i got the look i saw a real fine thing sittin' by the bar, she looked kinda all alone so i slid on over and i asked her name the stella was bad to the bone i showed her my stash and i kissed her cheek the only kind of rap it takes she knew i was bad when i jerked her to my ride she said, how much money you make? let's just say it'll be more money... jerk out  jerkin' everything in sight i'm talkin' about the jerk out got to make some love tonight jerk it, jerk it i'm talkin' about the jerk it, jerk it jerk out jerk it, jerk it i'm talkin' about the jerk it, jerk it jerk out i took her to my crib and i laid her down her body felt kinda right maybe i was wrong but what the hell i figured that was what she liked i said baby, don't get too comfortable 'cause i really like to sleep alone leave your number on the table by my data bank i love you, but you got to go  jerk out  jerkin' everything in sight i'm talkin' about the jerk out got to make some love tonight, all night jerk out  jerkin' everything in sight the master of the jerk out gotta make some love tonight all night oh, i got to make some love jerk it, jerk it i'm talkin' about the jerk it, jerk it jerk out jerk it, jerk it i'm talkin' about the jerk it, jerk it jerk out, terry nasty cut 'em, jessie jerk out  jerkin' everything in sight  i'm talkin' about the jerk out  got to make some love tonight jerk out  yeah, baby jerome, stop at the instant teller so i can get me some cash got to make some love to night yes fellas, y'all play somethin'? that's it you know i think i feel the need for a change cross over there's so many things we can do you like, ah, raviolios, cheerios, spaghettios you can just never have enough o's, uh! jerk out  jerkin' everything in sight  jerk out  gotta make some love to night  jerk out  jerkin' everything in sight  jerk out  gotta make some love tonight?  fellas?  what's the move?  fellas?  what's the groove?  that's right, fellas?  what's the move?  fellas?  what's the groove?  look out, fellas?  what's the move?  fellas?  what's the groove?  fellas?  what's the move?  fellas?  what's the groove?  somebody bring me a mirror what suit should i wear tonight? if you think i'm cool, you're right somebody say kool-aid! - kool-aid! jerk it.... uh! make a little love tonight. - what? jerkin' everything in sight. - oh, that's right make a little love tonight. - oh lawd jerkin' everything in sight. that's frightenin' make a little love tonight. - we can do this jerkin' everything in sight. - oh lawd make a little love tonight. - fellas jerkin' everything in sight. - yes make a little love... - oh make a little love... - yeah make a little love tonight. - ha ha! jerk out i'm the master of the jerk out .... ha, them's your drawers, morris now tell me somethin' that i don't already know j.b jerk out. - it's just one of them things you know, huh got to make some love tonight. - money, clothes, cars, credit cards, houses jerk out. - you know what i'm talkin about, ha ha! jerkin' everything in sight .... what's he talkin' about? you should see my home. it's... so nice .... girl, he is kinda sexy .... girl, please! oh, well, if you're not doin' anything. we could go there right now .... can my friend come? oh, i'd love that .... girl! uh, that sure is a lovely blouse you have on .... thank you can i take it off? .... no oh, i just wanna..., oh, i just wanna touch it .... stop so nice, so nice .... no. stop oh, that was so nice