pack it up, pack it in, let me begin i came to win, battle me, that's a sin i won't ever slack up, punk, ya better back up try and play the role and yo, the whole crew'll act up get up, stand up,  c'mon, throw your hands up if ya got the feelin', jump up, touch the ceilin' muggs let the funk flow, someone's talkin' junk yo, i bust him in the eye and then i'll take the punk's ho feelin', funkin', amps in the trunk, and i got more rhymes than there's cops at a dunkin' donuts shop sho' nuff, i got props from the kids on the hill plus my mom and my pops i came to get down, i came to get down so get out your seat and jump around jump around  jump around  jump around  jump up, jump up and get down jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! i'll serve your ass like john mcenroe if your girl steps up, i'm smackin' the ho word to your moms, i came to drop bombs i got more rhymes than the bible's got psalms and just like the prodigal son, i've returned anyone steppin' to me, you'll get burned 'cause i got lyrics, but you ain't got none if you come to battle, bring a shotgun  but if you do you're a fool, 'cause i duel to the death tryin' to step to me, you'll take your last breath i got the skill, come get your fill 'cause when i shoot the gift, i shoot to kill i came to get down, i came to get down so get out your seat and jump around jump around  jump around  jump around  jump up, jump up, and get down jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump!       i'm the cream of the crop, i rise to the top i never eat a pig 'cause a pig is a cop or better yet a terminator, like arnold schwarzenegger tryin' to play me out like as if my name was sega but i ain't goin' out like no punk bitch get used to one style and yo, and i might switch it up, up and around, then buck, buck you down put out your head and then you wake up in the dawn of the dead i'm comin' to get ya, i'm comin' to get ya spittin' out lyrics, homie, i'll wet ya i came to get down, i came to get down so get out your seat and jump around jump around  jump around  jump around  jump up, jump up, and get down jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump! jump!  jump! jump! jump! jump! yo, this is dedicated to joe the biter nicolo grab the bozack, punk