have you ever met a girl that you tried to date but a year to make love she wanted you to wait? let me tell a story of my situation i was talkin' to this girl from the u.s. nation the way that i met her was on tour, at a concert she had long hair and a short miniskirt i just got on stage, drippin', pourin' with sweat i was walkin' through the crowd and guess who i met i whispered in her ear, come to the picture booth so i can ask you some questions to see if ya hundred proof i asked her her name, she said blah-blah-blah she had 910 pants and a very big bra i took a couple of flicks and she was enthused i said how do you like the show? she said i was very amused i started throwin' bass, she started throwin' back mid-range but when i sprung the question, she acted kind of strange then when i asked, do ya have a man?, she tried to pretend she said no, i don't, i only have a friend come on! i'm not even goin' for it, this is what i'm goin' sing you, you got what i need but you say he's just a friend and you say he's just a friend, oh baby you got what i need but you say he's just a friend but you say he's just a friend, oh baby you got what i need but you say he's just a friend but you say he's just a friend so i took blah-blah's word for it at this time i thought just havin' a friend couldn't be no crime 'cause i have friends and that's a fact like agnes, agatha, germaine, and jack forget about that, let's go into the story about a girl named blah-blah-blah that adored me so we started talkin', gettin' familiar spendin' a lot of time, so we can build a relationship or some understanding how it's gonna be in the future we was plannin' everything sounded so dandy and sweet i had no idea i was in for a treat after this was established, everything was cool the tour was over and she went back to school i called every day to see how she was doin' every time that i called her, it seemed somethin' was brewin' i called her room, a guy picked up, but then i called again i say yo, who was that? oh, he's just a friend don't gimme that, don't even gimme that! jus' bust this you, you got what i need but you say he's just a friend and you say he's just a friend, oh baby you got what i need but you say he's just a friend but you say he's just a friend, oh baby you got what i need but you say he's just a friend but you say he's just a friend so, i came to her college on a surprise visit to see my girl, that was so exquisite it was a school day, i knew she was there the first semester of the school year i went to a gate to ask where was her dorm this guy made me fill out a visitor's form he told me where it was and i was on my way to see my baby doll, i was happy to say i arrived in front of the dormitory yo, could you tell me where is door three? they showed me where it was for the moment i didn't know i was in for such an event so, i came to her room and opened the door oh, snap! guess what i saw? a fella tongue-kissin' my girl in her mouth i was so in shock, my heart went down south so please, listen to the message that i send don't ever talk to a girl who says she just has a friend...