uh, uh, uh  i was thinking 'bout her , thinking 'bout me  thinking 'bout us , what we gon' be?  open my eyes, yeah it was only just a dream  so i traveled back , down that road  will she come back?  no one knows i realize, yeah it was only just a dream i was at the top and now it's like i'm in the basement number one spot, now she found her a replacement i swear now i can't take it knowing somebody's got my baby and now you ain't around, baby, i can't think i shoulda put it down, shoulda got that ring 'cause i can still feel it in the air see her pretty face, run my fingers through her hair my lover, my life my shawty, my wife she left me, i'm tight 'cause i knew that it just ain't right uh, uh, uh  i was thinking 'bout her , thinking 'bout me  thinking 'bout us , what we gon' be?  open my eyes, yeah it was only just a dream  so i travel back , down that road  will she come back?  no one knows i realize, yeah it was only just a dream when i be ridin', man, i swear i see her face at every turn tryna get my usher on but i can't let it burn and i just hope she know that she the only one i yearn for more and more i miss her, when will i learn? didn't give her all my love, i guess now i got my payback now i'm in the club thinkin' all about my baby hey, she was so easy to love but wait, i guess that love wasn't enough i'm goin' through it every time that i'm alone and now i'm missing, wishing she pick up the phone but she made a decision that she wanted to move on 'cause i was wrong uh, uh, uh  i was thinking 'bout her , thinking 'bout me  thinking 'bout us , what we gon' be?  open my eyes, yeah it was only just a dream  so i travel back , down that road  will she come back?  no one knows i realize, yeah it was only just a dream  if you ever loved somebody, put your hands up  if you ever loved somebody, put your hands up and now they gone and you wishing you could give them everything  said if you ever loved somebody, put your hands up  if you ever loved somebody, put your hands up  now they gone and you wishing you could give them everything uh, uh, uh  i was thinking 'bout her , thinking 'bout me  thinking 'bout us , what we gon' be?  open my eyes, yeah it was only just a dream  so i travel back , down that road  will she come back?  no one knows i realize, yeah it was only just a dream  i was thinking 'bout her , thinking 'bout me  thinking 'bout us , what we gon' be?  open my eyes, yeah it was only just a dream  so i travel back , down that road  will she come back?  no one knows i realize, yeah it was only just a dream