you need to get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna it ain't where he's at, it's where he.. where he wanna be, yeah, yeah new keyshia yes!  fire  i like this one right here this one for all my ladies, y'all holla! mmm let's go! i don't want'cho man, 'cause i got it like that but it ain't even gotta be like dat  yo' man, he be callin' me back he say i'm fine and a matter of fact  he ask how i do that, that fit my jeans over baby phat listen, i don't know the type of tricks he playin' but i should warn you, i don't want yo' man  i understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night but if he wanna go, he'll be gone, no lie i can't explain how many times i tried how many times i cried thinkin' about mine and where he might be  remember when i gave everything i got couldn't get deep down inside how you love someone who didn't love me?  but now i get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna it ain't where he's at it's where he, where he wanna be if he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should  then let it go when this song come on in the club, they gon' be like damn, that's hot and when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like damn, that's hot  they gon' mix it with biggie, it was all a dream like damn, that's hot me and keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like damn, that's hot now understand why i take my time  cause you come with alibis  tryna get me to see that's where you tryna be but i don't want your man your man's been callin' me , tryna get me to see that he wants me to be with him but he ain't the one for me and if you only knew  you would, do what you had to  finally see that  you need to get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna it ain't where he's at, it's where he.. where he wanna be, yeah, yeah if he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should  then let it go uh, uh, uh here's a little lesson, lil' kim don't stress 'em  kick 'em all straight to the curb like beckham broke wit my ex, he with her for now but little do she know, she's just a rebound  callin my phone, she's so outta pocket i been there before ol' girl, you need to stop it trickin on me when he tell you he ain't got it you don't get the picture? my picture's in his wallet  never ever thought i would leave him alone but i let a dog roam, now he wanna come home but i, don't trust him, though i still love him no longer want him, lookin at his cousin kinda buzzin, loose off the goose got him on the chase like cranberry juice when he's with you, he's wishin it was me  you might be where he's at, but i'm where he wanna be, baby bay-bay love you! hey! let it go! let it go, let it go!  aye, let it go, let it go, let it go  let it go, let it go, let it go if he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna treat you the way he should then let it go  if he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it go if he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it go hands up in the air! when this song come on in the club, they gon be like damn, that's hot  and when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like damn, that's hot  they gon' mix it with biggie, it was all a dream like damn, that's hot  me, kim and keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like damn, that's hot yes fire, baby!