he stars .. eh eh fix me do me like a cup turn me up turn me down baby boy don't stop ooh that sip on my .. turn me up till i drop keep going till i pop ooh put your hips on my ..and let me roll it put your lips on my .. ooh turn the night into a morning yeah you know i need it, yeah you know i want it take me home your mamy introduce me to your daddy baby i'ma make you happy oh ooh get your ... i got you loving it like mcdonalds ooh get your .. sleep thing but before we leave shouts out to the dj chorus let's go, let's go, ooh up and down get on the floor round and ..like .. i pop that thing boy i'm out of control let's go, let's go ooh left and right and bring it back i got a couple of curry don't know how to act before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor.. ooh, boy before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor ooh ,let's go before take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor ooh, before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor let's go before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor fix me do me like a cup turn me up turn me down baby boy don't stop ooh that sip on my .. turn me up till i drop keep going till i pop ooh put your hips on my ..and let me roll it put your lips on my .. ooh turn the night into a morning yeah you know i need it, yeah you know i want it take me home your mamy introduce me to your daddy baby i'ma make you happy oh ooh get your ... i got you loving it like mcdonalds ooh get your .. sleep thing but before we leave shouts out to the dj chorus let's go, let's go, ooh up and down get on the floor round and ..like .. i pop that thing boy i'm out of control let's go, let's go ooh left and right and bring it back i got a couple of curry don't know how to act before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor.. ooh, boy before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor ooh ,let's go before take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor ooh, before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor let's go before i take you home i gotta view it on the dance floor