c-i-a-r-a pull up your pants  take out the trash  getting ya cash like 'em, fast like 'em girl, you outta act like ya dig  security codes on everything on vibrate so your phone don't ever ring  joint account, and another one he don't know about  wish we could switch up the roles and i could be that tell you i love you, but when you call, i never get back, oh would you ask them questions like me? like, where you be at? 'cause i'm out four in the morning on the corner, rolling, doing my own thing, oh what if i had a thing on the side? made ya cry? would the rules change up or would they still apply? if i played you like a toy sometimes i wish i could act like a boy can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that girl, go 'head and be  go run the streets  come home and sleep like 'em, creep like em' front with ya friends, act hard when you're with 'em like 'em  keep a straight face when ya tell a lie  always keep an air-tight alibi  what he don't know won't break his heart  wish we could switch up the roles and i could be that tell you i love you, but when you call, i never get back, oh would you ask them questions like me? like, where you be at? 'cause i'm out four in the morning on the corner, rolling, doing my own thing, yeah what if i had a thing on the side?  made ya cry?  would the rules change up or would they still apply? if i played you like a toy sometimes i wish i could act like a boy can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that  can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that can't-can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that can't be getting mad  what you mad? can't handle that  if i was always gone  with the sun getting home  told you i was with my crew when i knew it wasn't true  if i act like you walk a mile off in yo shoes  i'm messing with your head again dose of your own medicine what if i  had a thing on the side?  made ya cry?  would the rules change up or would they still apply? if i played you like a toy sometimes i wish i could act like a boy can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that can't be getting mad what you mad? can't handle that can't-can't be getting mad  what you mad? can't handle that  can't be getting mad  what you mad?  can't handle that r-a it's the clutch if i played you  would yo like that? had friends... would you like that?  never call? would you like that?  hell naw you wouldn't like that  no! what you mad? can't handle that  why you getting mad? what you mad? can't handle that would they still apply? what if i if i, played you like a toy sometimes i wish i could act like a boy can't handle that