a boy is born in hard time mississippi surrounded by four walls that ain't so pretty his parents give him love and affection to keep him strong, moving in the right direction living just enough, just enough for the city his father works some days for fourteen hours and you can bet he barely makes a dollar his mother goes to scrub the floors for many and you'd best believe, she hardly gets a penny living just enough, just enough for the city  da da da, da da da da da da da da la la la da da da da da da da la la  his sister's black, but she is sho' 'nuff pretty her skirt is short, but, lord, her legs are sturdy to walk to school, she's got to get up early her clothes are old, but never are they dirty living just enough, just enough for the city  her brother's smart, he's got more sense than many his patience's long, but soon he won't have any to find a job is like a haystack needle 'cause where he lives, they don't use colored people living just enough, just enough for the city  da da da, da da da da da da da da la la la da da da da da da da la la   living for the city, yeah  ain't nothing but a city, eee  living for the city, yeah, yeah  nothing but a city, eee  live for the city, yeah, yeah  the funky, crowded city  ah, live for the city  ain't nothing but a city, woo  everybody clap their hands together now, woo  hmm, for the city, yeah  for the city, yeah, yeah  for the city, yeah  da da da, da da da da da da da da la la la da da da da da da da la la bus for new york city! hey, bus driver! i'm getting on there, hold it. thanks a lot. wow, new york, just like i pictured it. skyscrapers and everything. hey, hey, brother, hey, come here, slick.  hey, you look, you look hip, man. hey, you wanna make yourself five bucks, man?  you look hip, run this across the street for me right quick. okay, run this across the street for me. what? huh? i didn't know! what? gimme your hands up, you punk! i'm just going across the street. put that leg up, shut your mouth. hell no, what did i do? okay, turn around, turn around. put your hands behind your back, let's go, let's go. a jury of your peers having found you guilty, ten years. what? come on, come on, get in that cell, nigger. god, lord. his hair is long, his feet are hard and gritty he spends his life walking the streets of new york city he's almost dead from breathing in air pollution he tried to vote but to him there's no solution living just enough, just enough for the city i hope you hear inside my voice of sorrow and that it motivates you to make a better tomorrow this place is cruel, nowhere could be much colder if we don't change, the world will soon be over living just enough, stop giving just enough for the city da da da, da da da da da da da da la la la da da da da da da da la la da da da, da da da da da da da da la la la da da da da da da da la la da da da, da da da da da da da da la la la da da da da oh, oh oh lo lo lo lo, lo lo lo lo, lo lo lo lo