if i got locked away and we lost it all today tell me honestly would you still love me the same?  if i showed you my flaws  if i couldn't be strong  tell me honestly would you still love me the same? right about now  if a judge 'for life' me, would ya stay by my side?  or is you gonna say goodbye?  can you tell me right now?  if i couldn't buy you the fancy things in life  shawty, would it be alright?  come on, show me that you are down  uh-huh now tell me, would you really ride for me?  baby, tell me, would you die for me?  would you spend your whole life with me?  would you be there to always hold me down?   tell me, would you really cry for me?  baby, don't lie to me  if i didn't have anything  i wanna know, would you stick around?  if i got locked away  and we lost it all today  tell me honestly would you still love me the same?  if i showed you my flaws  if i couldn't be strong  tell me honestly  would you still love me the same? skiddly dong, dong, dong, dang  all i want is somebody real, who don't need much  a gyal i know that i can trust  to be here when money low  if i did not have nothing else to give but love  would that even be enough?  gyal, me need fi know  uh-huh now tell me, would you really ride for me?  baby, tell me, would you die for me?  would you spend your whole life with me?  would you be there to always hold me down?  tell me, would you really cry for me?  baby, don't lie to me  if i didn't have anything  i wanna know, would you stick around?  if i got locked away  and we lost it all today  tell me honestly would you still love me the same?  if i showed you my flaws  if i couldn't be strong  tell me honestly  would you still love me the same? tell me, tell me, would you want me, want me? tell me, tell me, would you call me, call me? if you knew i wasn't balling 'cause i need a gyal who's always by my side tell me, tell me, do you need me? tell me, tell me, do you love me? yeah or is you just tryna play me? 'cause i need a gyal to hold me down for life  if i got locked away and we lost it all today tell me honestly would you still love me the same? if i showed you my flaws if i couldn't be strong tell me honestly would you still love me the same? if i got locked away  and we lost it all today  tell me honestly would you still love me the same?  if i showed you my flaws  if i couldn't be strong  tell me honestly  would you still love me the same? would you still love me the same?