hi, im the rap critic. well lil wayne has a new single, and its called love me. well, with a title like that, i dont know what to expect. however, after how to love turned out to be an awkward but slightly admirable ballad about a girl going through a hard life, maybe a song titled love me would be a more personal number. contemplating his personal struggles with trust and relationships. and yeah, it could just be another crappy bragging song, but i like to be optimistic when i go into a review. so... what? thats not the full title of the song? whats the full title of the song? drake bitches love me man, i feel stupid. well, lets get this over with future im on that good kush and alcohol -stupid, unnecessary audio watermark for the producer- sneers i dont know what i was doing- wait. what was that thing shes wearing? is that a stylized version of a scolds bridle? a mild torture device that men put on women in the middle ages when they felt they were talking too much? wow, weve wasted no time into getting into some pretty dark territory, havent we? i mean you know what, i havent even started talking about the lyrics yet. im just gonna let this one go okay, so this song, which sounds more like a mockingbird type lullaby than a club hit, is about being drunk and high and calling a couple girls to have sex. andmaybe these girls are just into really kinky stuff! like, you know, headgear to remind them of a time when women were seen as even less inferior than we treat them now. or swing sets. yeah future imma ball til the day i fall one more thing before we continue. when did this future character here, a guy who barely passes as a rapper, let alone a singer, become credible enough in the industry to be featured chorus guy? i mean, according to what im seeing on the lyric sheet, he has no verse! so without his own full verse, the only appeal to having him on the song is purely based off of his ability to carry a hook. and im not sure if youve noticed, but  future isnt exactly a powerhouse vocalist. i mean, could lil wayne honestly not be bothered to do the auto tune on his own hooks? arent you still friends with t-pain? at least that guy has some personality, this guy is huh. funny that a guy named future is relying on a vocal effect thats near extinction. i mean, when even t-pain says... t-pain auto tune is on its way out! back in 2008, i think its over as a gimmick that people can take seriously. but back to the song drake long as my bitches love, my bitches love wait, now drake is on the chorus? is this the drake and future collaboration the world was waiting for? he doesnt have a verse either, so i can only assume that there was a large enough audience out there that would be oh so content enough to hear the musical style blending off the rapping personifications of both boring and uninteresting. but forgive me again, we need to get back to the song drake i can give a fuck bout no hater long as my bitches love me so the song is about how he doesnt care how many people dislike him as long as there are women willing to have sex with him. which is typical, but for some reason, in this song hes more like an ineffective defense mechanism than cocky, confident braggadocio. actually listen to the song without the arrogant, too cool to care faces in the music video. and really listen to their voices future im on that good kush and alcohol i got some down bitches i can call is there anything in his voice that indicates that he is in any way happy about his life of excess? i mean, if this was one of those songs where they were trying to make a statement about how empty that kind of life is, that would be perfect, but its not. and usually, failings in the vocal melody can be excused by a beat thats full of vigor and 808, but he cant do that here, since every time the chorus comes in the beat gets that same muffled and muted effect thats present on nearly every friggin song featuring drake, and since the vocalists are all you have to go on when this happens, their lifeless delivery stops the song dead! drake i can give a fuck bout no hater long as my bitches love me does he actually sound convinced here? does he legitimately sound like he doesnt care about haters? i dont know about you guys, but to me it sounds like hes reverting to irrelevant boasting about superficial accomplishments intended to shield his ego after reading a scathing review of his music that sincerely struck a nerve. all i hear is a couple of insecure men masking their weaknesses with boasts of sexual prowess! and we havent even gotten to the verses yet! lil wayne pussy ass niggas, stop hating so, you dont care about haters in any way, shape or form, and only care about your women... but the first thing you do in your verse is address the haters. because you know, what better way to show that you dont care about someone than by constantly mentioning them?  i dont know about you, but theres something slightly contradictory about shouting, hey, all you haters! pay attention to the fact that i dont care about you! lil wayne lil tunechi got that fire and these hoes love me like satan, man! d-do hoes like satan? i mean, i know hoes are known for having questionable morality, but i dont think anyone actively likes satan. i dont even think satanists likes satan, they just do it to piss off christians. i mean i know youre trying to relate the satan and fire thing, but hoes dont like fire either! lil wayne and these hoes love me like satan, man! you know, believe it or not, but some people think that this little snippet is proof positive that lil wayne is part of some demonic cult. and honestly, if you think some post-production cgi inspired by a barely thought out lyric is the proof you need to think lil wayne works for the devil... then he does work for the devil... and hes going to kill you lil wayne fuck with me and get bodied and all she eat is dick, shes on a strict diet you dont know how segways work, do you? i mean, what thought process takes you from im going to kill you! to this chick is all about my penis. for real! the only piece of transitional material we get is the word and. and i dont know about you, but linking two phrases together with the word and is not the same as a transitional phrase, and i like nipples lil wayne she dont want money she wants the time we could spend pfft. yeah, okay. lose all your money to tax evasion and see if all your bitches still want to spend time with you! lil wayne she said, i never wanna make you mad i just wanna make you proud i said, baby just make me cum then dont make a sound okay im, im trying to explain whats wrong with these lines, and what disturbs me about them. because its not just about the fact that theyre objectifying the girl in question. no, thats to be expected with wayne. but its the fact that this couplet communicates something more unsettling than that. and i just want to play these lyrics again and ask you a question lil wayne she said, i never wanna make you mad i just wanna make you proud i said, baby just make me cum then dont make a sound in what way does this not sound like an abusive relationship? in what way is this not a controlling sociopath dominating over a woman whos afraid of giving him any excuse to lash out in anger at her? i mean its not overtly stating it, but its definitely implied.  wow. that is not helping. but anyway, in his episode of behind the music, he talked about how he freestyles everything because it feels more real to him, and that everything he says honestly speaks to how his mind works because of that. if this is true, it says very disturbing things about him that he considers this as an honest expression of himself. and you know what? hes an artist, and an artist telling you about his perspective doesn't always have to be a positive thing but my problem lies not in his questionable moralswell actually yes it does, but its the fact that after so many girls hear his music and hear this song in particular, plenty of his female fans are still willing to be his groupies in late night booty calls! i mean, hes making no bones about the fact that he doesnt respect you, so at this point, if youre still trying to get with him, your motivations are probably no better than his, and i think you know what i mean when i talk about the motivations of these types of women. you know, those women, always wanting to spend all of your time lil wayne she wants the time we could spend scoff heartless succubus. but hey, maybe hes not that bad. maybe when hes with these women, hes actually respectful of the... im sorry, are there women in cages like circus animals? solet me get this straight. lupe fiasco makes a song that barely charts, talking about how women should not be purely viewed as sex objects, and should hold themselves to a higher standard, and hes accused of still bringing up patriarchal views on sexuality and all that stuff. but lil wayne has a top 10 hit with a music video where women are viewed as beasts in circus cages?! with lines like... lil wayne i said, baby just make me cum then dont make a sound and nobodys making a stink about this! im not saying it should be pulled off the air or anything, i just think its odd that a video with good intentions got crapped on, while a video that can be easily interpreted as equating female sexuality with being entertained by animals is okay. but where was i? oh, yes. so like i was saying, im sure in real life, wayne is very respectful to women lil wayne these hoes got pussies like craters damn! thatthat imagery! again, to all the women still wanting to have sex with lil wayne this is what he metaphorically thinks of your vaginas! picture of a crater soi think hes really trying to get across the point that he thinks youre all whores! lil wayne cant treat these hoes like ladies, man! heywho do you treat like a lady? because by acknowledging the idea of lady, youre acknowledging that women can achieve a respectable status. but none of the girls youve ever met have achieved that status in your head. so its not that youre saying that all women are whores youre just saying that all women you refer to are whores. hmm... i wonder how that works for other things im not saying that all chinese people are good at math, play piano and know kung fu, im just saying that all the chinese people im ever going to refer to are good at math, play piano and know kung-wheres everybody going? lil wayne pussy, money, weed, codeine was that a lyric, or just a reminder of all the topics he has to stick to? lil wayne she wake up, eat this dick call that breakfast in bed 69, 96 wait. what do those last numbers have to do with anything? are you saying that you and her are 69ing each other? well that doesnt work, since you only mention that shes going down on you! and what is 96 supposed to mean?! do you know why its called 69, wayne? because the numbers vaguely resemble two people orally stimulating each other. so what is 96 supposed to represent? two peoplefacing away from each other? what, are they lying on each others butts? that makes no sense! lil wayne i feel her heartbeat its a little late to get romantic, dont you think? lil wayne i chest to chest with this bitch yeah, i thought so lil wayne yeah, all my bitches love me, and i love all my bitches but its like as soon as i cum, i come to my senses hold on a minute, maybe the songs trying to say something. maybe this whole song is just trying to communicate that meaningless sex with random women doesnt actually lead to a fulfilling life. and maybe eating less is a good way to get fiber in your diet! of course theres no real revelation, he just continues to talk about haters and hoes lil wayne now kiss my ass if you hatin im getting ass or im skating anything that keeps you from playing the guitar. shows a scene of wayne playing the guitar live yeah, keep hitting those two notes, buddy. im sure the people who play the beginner mode on guitar hero are impressed yeah, overall, this gets a 0 out of 5 from me. the melancholy beat sounds too dark to be a club song, which is partially what ruins the atmosphere of it. and the chorus fails to do anything that makes up for the dark tone of the beat! and his rhymes are terrible. theres no wordplay here thats clever enough to save him from being this unbearably sexist. it crosses the line of being a regular sex anthem into a grotesque assertion of male dominance. and ultimately, does not make for a good listening experience and thats pretty much all i have to say about that. well, im the rap critic. you dont have to like my opinion, but i dont have to like your song  i dont know about you, but theres something slightly contradictory about saying, hey, all you haters! pay attention to the fact that i dont care about you!  chuckles