2nd floor, hardware, children's wear, lady's lingerie oh, good morning mr. tyler, going down? hehehehehe, ooh yeah! workin' like a dog for the boss man  workin' for the company  bettin' on the dice i'm tossin'  i'm gonna have a fantasy  but where am i gonna look? they tell me that love is blind i really need a girl like an open book to read between the lines love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down love in an elevator lovin' it up 'til i hit the ground shaggin' in the elevator  lingerie second floor  she said, can i see you later  and love you just a little more?  i kinda hope we get stuck nobody gets out alive she said, i'll show you how to fax in the mail room, honey and have you home by five love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down love in an elevator lovin' it up 'til i hit the ground in the air, in the air honey, one more time now, it ain't fair love in an elevator lovin' it up when i'm goin' down love in an elevator going down  love in an elevator lovin' it up when i'm goin' down love in an elevator livin' it up when i hit the ground gonna be a penthouse pauper  gonna be a millionaire  i'm gonna be a real fast talker  and have me a love affair  gotta get my timing right  it's a test that i got to pass  i'll chase you all the way to the stairway, honey  kiss your sassafras love in an elevator lovin' it up when i'm goin' down love in an elevator livin' it up 'til we hit the ground will you care? will you care? honey, one more time now, it ain't fair love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down will you care? will you care? honey, one more time now, it ain't fair love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down in the air, in the air honey, one more, one more, one more, one more love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down in the air, in the air honey, one more, one more, one more, yeah! love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down in the air, in the air honey, one more, one more, one more, yeah! love in an elevator love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down in the air, in the air in the air, in the air love in an elevator livin' it up when i'm goin' down