let's have some fun, this beat is sick i wanna take a ride on your disco stick let's have some fun, this beat is sick i wanna take a ride on your disco stick huh! huh! i wanna kiss you  but if i do, then i might miss you, babe  it's complicated and stupid  got my ass squeezed by sexy cupid guess he wants to play, wants to play  a love game, a love game  hold me and love me, just wanna touch you for a minute maybe three seconds is enough for my heart to quit it let's have some fun, this beat is sick i wanna take a ride on your disco stick don't think too much, just bust that kick i wanna take a ride on your disco stick let's play a love game, play a love game do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?  doin' the love game let's play a love game, play a love game  do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?  doin' the love game huh! huh! i'm on a mission and it involves some heavy touching, yeah you've indicated your interest i'm educated in sex, yes and now i want it bad, want it bad a love game, a love game hold me and love me, just wanna touch you for a minute maybe three seconds is enough for my heart to quit it let's have some fun, this beat is sick i wanna take a ride on your disco stick  don't think too much, just bust that kick i wanna take a ride on your disco stick  let's play a love game, play a love game do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?  doin' the love game let's play a love game, play a love game  do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?  doin' the love game huh! huh! i can see you staring there from across the block with a smile on your mouth and your hand on your  the story of us, it always starts the same with a boy and a girl and a huh! and a game  and a game  and a game  and a game  a love game! let's play a love game, play a love game do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?  doin' the love game let's play a love game, play a love game  do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?  doin' the love game  let's play a love game, play a love game do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?   doin' the love game  let's play a love game, play a love game  do you want love or you want fame? are you in the game?   doin' the love game  huh! doin' the love game huh!