uh in new york, i milly rock  hide it in my sock  runnin' from an opp  and i shoot at opp , uh, uh  and i'm on the block , uh, uh  and i'm on the block  in new york, i milly rock  hide it in my sock  hide it in my sock  sellin' that rerock  in new york, i milly rock  hide it in my sock  used to sell rerock  runnin' from the cops  shootin' at these opps    shootin' at these opps  'cause i run they block , uh give me top , uh, in my drop-top all these hoes gon' flock  when i drop, yeah  all these hoes gon' flock  when i drop, yeah  all these hoes gon' flock  when i drop, uh  woo, woo, woo, woo  woo, woo , woo, woo  all these hoes want cash  all these hoes want bags, uh fuckin' on your bitch , uh i'm her dad , uh all these niggas sound like cash, sound like cash  i'm a soldier, ooh  damn, i thought i told you, ooh  shootin' like a soldier, ooh  like i'm from magnolia, ooh  all these niggas  always fold  big bank  never fold  i'm sippin' act' , fill that shit slowly  bitches on me , say she like my clothin'  i'm in london , yung carti global  designer is on me , call it dirty laundry  all these bitches want yung carti , yung carti  ayy, yung carti, yung carti, what?  yung carti, yung carti , yeah all of your bitches, they loose, hold on all of your bitches, they loose, hold on  all of my bitches, they rich, hold on and they stay rockin' that rick, hold on  uh, what? what? hold on, what? what? uh  rich, rich  cash carti, bitch  rich, bitch  got a rich clique  i'm suckin' on the clit  she suckin' on the dick  give that ho a tip  told her, buy some kicks  ooh, then i brush my teeth  hop up in the whip glocky in the whip  glocky in the whip  and i'm cocky, fuckin' on a thottie she just wanna plot me, bitch can't stop me  i'm ridin' in a masi  this ain't even my masi  hope that's not your thottie  your bitch look like a auntie  walked in with ashanti  damn, that look like 'shanti  damn, that look like carti  i think that be yung carti heard he spent a hundred on a fuckin' watch piece, that's filthy  in new york, i milly rock  hide it in my sock  runnin' from an opp  and i shoot at opp , uh, uh  and i'm on the block , uh, uh  and i'm on the block  in new york, i milly rock  hide it in my sock  hide it in my sock  sellin' that rerock  what? what?  what? uh, what? in new york, i milly rock  hide it in my sock  use to sell rerock, uh runnin' from the cops, uh shootin' at these opps you know what i'm sayin'? yo , pi'erre, you wanna come out here? bitch-ass nigga, fuck that nigga, man