why can't you do it? why can't you set your monkey free? always givin' in to it do you love your monkey or do you love me? why can't you do it? why do i have to share my baby with a monkey?  with a monkey?   oh, i count to ten but i don't know how and i don't know when to open my eyes if you kissed me again like you did just now, like you did just then then, jus-just then, then, just then, just, just, just do it again i've had the rest now it's time i had the best so you tell me that you won't do anymore well, i'd write your heart a letter but i think you know me better if i keep on askin', baby maybe i'll get what i'm askin' for why can't you do it? why can't you set your monkey free? always givin' in to it do you love your monkey or do you love me? why can't you do it? why do i have to share my baby with a monkey?  with a monkey?   oh, i hate your friends but i don't know how and i don't know when to open your eyes yes, your monkey's back again do you want him now like you did back then? back then, then, back then, back, back, back don't do it again i tried my best but your head is such a mess so i guess that i don't want you anymore well, you say you care about me that you just can't do without me but you keep on dancin', baby 'til that monkey has you on the floor why can't you do it? why can't you set your monkey free? always givin' in to it do you love your monkey or do you love me? why can't you do it? why do i have to share my baby with a monkey?  with a monkey?   monkey, monkey, monkey monkey, monkey, monkey monkey, monkey, monkey monkey, monkey, mon-mon-mon-mon-monkey don't look now, there's a monkey on your back don't look now, there's a monkey on your back don't look now, there's a monkey on your back don't look now, there's a monkey on your back so you tell me that you won't do anymore if i keep on askin', baby maybe i'll get what i'm askin' for why can't you do it? why can't you set your monkey free? always givin' into it do you love your monkey or do you love me? why can't you do it? why do i have to share my baby with a monkey?  with a monkey?   why can't you do it? why can't you set your monkey free?  always givin' into it do you love your monkey or do you love me?  why can't you do it? why do i have to share my baby with a monkey?  with a monkey?   monkey, monkey, monkey monkey, monkey, monkey monkey, monkey, monkey monkey, monkey, mon-mon-mon-mon-monkey