my first kiss went a little like this and twist, and twist well, my first kiss went a little like this and twist, and twist i said no more teachers and no more books i got a kiss under the bleachers, hoping that nobody looked lips like liquorice, tongue like candy excuse me miss, but can i get you out your panties? in the back of the car, on the way to the bar i got you on my lips  at the foot of the stairs with my fingers in your hair baby, this is it she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... well, my first kiss went a little like this i said no more sailors and no more soldiers with your name in a heart tattooed upon the shoulders your kiss is like whiskey, it gets me drunk and i wake up in the morning with the taste of your tongue in the back of the car, on the way to the bar i got you on my lips  at the foot of the stairs with my fingers in your hair baby, this is it  she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... my first kiss went a little like this and twist, and twist well, my first kiss went a little like this and twist, and twist  she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say ooooooh.... ooooooh... she won't ever get enough once she gets a little touch if i had it my way, you know that i'd make her say