listen to this track, bitch girl, the way you're moving got me in a trance  dj, turn me up, ladies, this yo jam  i'ma sip moscato, and you gon' lose them pants  then i'ma throw this money while you do it with no hands  girl, drop it to the floor  i love the way your booty go  all i wanna do is sit back and watch you move  and i'll proceed to throw this cash  all that ass, in yo jeans can wale beat? can roscoe skeet? long hair, she don't care, when she walk, she gets stares brown-skin or a yellow bone, dj, this my favorite song so i'ma make it thunderstorm, flood warnin', flocka here blow it, fuck it, i don't care, jacksons flyin' everywhere tap my partner roscoe, like, bruh, i'm drunk as hell, can't you tell? threw me seventy bands, bet fifty stacks, oh fuckin' well i'm tryna hit the hotel with two girls that swallow me take this dick while i swallow pink moscato, got her freaky hey, you got me in a trance , please take off yo pants  pussy pop on a handstand, you got me sweatin' please pass me a fan, damn girl, the way you're moving got me in a trance  dj, turn me up, ladies, this yo jam  i'ma sip moscato, and you gon' lose them pants  then i'ma throw this money while you do it with no hands  girl, drop it to the floor  i love the way your booty go  all i wanna do is sit back and watch you move  and i'll proceed to throw this cash  she said, look, ma, no hands she said, look, ma, no hands, and no, darlin', i don't dance and i'm with roscoe, i'm with waka, i think i deserve a chance i'm a bad motherfucker, go and ask them other fuckers a young handsome motherfucker i sling that wood, i just nunchuck them and who you with? and what's your name? and you not hear, boo? i'm wale and that d.c. shit, i rep all day and my eyes red 'cause of all that haze don't blow my high, let me shine drumma on the beat, let me take my time nigga want beef? we can take it outside fight for what, broad? these hoes ain't mine is you out yo mind? you out yo league i sweat no bitches, just sweat out weaves wear out tracks, let me do my thing i got sixteen for this roscoe thing but i'm almost done, let me get back to it whole lotta loud in a lil' backwood whole lotta money, big tip, i would i put her on the train, little engine could, bitch girl, the way you're moving got me in a trance  dj, turn me up, ladies, this yo jam  i'ma sip moscato, and you gon' lose them pants  then i'ma throw this money while you do it with no hands  girl, drop it to the floor  i love the way your booty go  all i wanna do is sit back and watch you move  and i'll proceed to throw this cash  r-o-s-c-o-e , mr. shawty-put-it-on-me  i be goin' ham , shawty upgrade from bologna  them niggas tippin' good, girl, but i can make it flood  'cause i walk around with pockets  that are bigger than my bus  rain, rain, go away, that's what all my haters say my pockets stuck on overload , my rain never evaporates  no need to elaborate , most of these ducks exaggerate  but i'ma get money, nigga, every day stunting nigga, ducks might get a chance after me  bitch, i'm ballin' like i'm comin' off of free throws  just ahead of the game, no cheat codes  lambo, roscoe, no street code  and your booty got me lost like nemo  go, go, go, g go'n and do your dance  and i'ma throw this money while you do it with no hands, go  girl, the way you're moving got me in a trance  dj, turn me up, ladies, this yo jam  i'ma sip moscato, and you gon' lose them pants  then i'ma throw this money while you do it with no hands  girl, drop it to the floor  i love the way your booty go  all i wanna do is sit back and watch you move  and i'll proceed to throw this cash