i was like, why are you so obsessed with me? so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  all up in the blogs sayin' we met at the bar when i don't even know who you are sayin' we up in your house, sayin' i'm up in your car but you in l.a., and i'm out at jermaine's i'm up in the a, you so, so lame and no one here even mentions your name it must be the weed, it must be the e 'cause you be poppin', heard you get it poppin' ooh-oh, woah why you so obsessed with me?  boy, i wanna know lyin' that you're sexin' me , when everybody knows it's clear that you're upset with me , oh finally found a girl that you couldn't impress last man on the earth, still couldn't get this you're delusional, you're delusional boy, you're losin' your mind it's confusing, yo, you're confused, you know why you wasting your time? got you all fired up with your napoleon complex see right through you like you're bathin' in windex oh, oh, oh boy, why you so obsessed with me? so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh so, oh, oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  you on your job, you hatin' hard ain't gon' feed you, i'ma let you starve graspin' for air, i'm ventilation you out of breath, hope you ain't waitin' tellin' the world how much you miss me but we never were, so why you trippin'? you a mom and pop, i'm a corporation i'm the press conference, you a conversation oh, woah, woah, woah why you so obsessed with me?  and boy, i wanna know lyin' that you're sexin' me , when everybody knows it's clear that you're upset with me , oh finally found a girl that you couldn't impress last man on the earth still couldn't get this  you're delusional, you're delusional boy, you're losin' your mind  it's confusing, yo, you're confused, you know? why you wasting your time?  got you all fired up with your napoleon complex see right through you like you're bathin' in windex oh, oh, oh boy, why you so obsessed with me? so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  so, oh, oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  ooh, woah, woah, woah  why you so obsessed with me?  boy, i wanna know lyin' that you're sexin' me , when everybody knows it's clear that you're upset with me , oh  finally found a girl that you couldn't impress last man on the earth, still couldn't get this  you're delusional, you're delusional  boy, you're losin' your mind  it's confusing, yo, you're confused, you know?  why you wasting your time?  got you all fired up with your napoleon complex  see right through you like you're bathin' in windex