uh, uh young money yeah, yeah, yeah i know way too many people here right now that i didn't know last yearwho the fuck are y'all? i swear it feels like the last few nights we been everywhere and back but i just can't remember it all what am i doin'? what am i doin'? oh yeah, that's righti'm doin' me, i'm doin' me i'm livin' life right now, man and this what i'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over but it's far from over alright, bottles on me, long as someone drink it never drop the ball, fuck are y'all thinkin'? making sure the young money ship is never sinking about to set it off in this bitch, jada pinkett i shouldn't have drove, tell me how i'm gettin' home you too fine to be layin' down in bed alone i could teach you how to speak my language, rosetta stone i swear this life is like the sweetest thing i've ever known about to go thriller, mike jackson on these niggas all i need's a fuckin' red jacket with some zippers super good smidoke, a package of the swisher's i did it overnight, it couldn't happen any quicker y'all know them? well, fuck it, me either but point the biggest skeptic out, i'll make him a believer it wouldn't be the first time i'd done it, throwin' hundreds when i should be throwin' ones, bitch, i run it, ah i know way too many people here right now that i didn't know last yearwho the fuck are y'all? i swear it feels like the last few nights we been everywhere and back but i just can't remember it all what am i doin'? what am i doin'? oh yeah, that's righti'm doin' me, i'm doin' me i'm livin' life right now, man and this what i'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over but it's far from over uh, one thing 'bout music, when it hits, you feel no pain and i swear i got this shit that make these bitches go insane so they tell me that they love me, i know better than that, it's just game it's just what comes with the fame, and i'm ready for that, i'm just sayin' but i really can't complain, everything is kosher two thumbs up, ebert and roeper i really can't see the end gettin' any closer but i'll probably still be the man when everything is over so i'm ridin' through the city with my high beams on can you see me? can you see me? get your visine on y'all just do not fit the picture turn your widescreen on if you thinkin' i'ma quit before i die, dream on man, they treat me like a legend, am i really this cold? i'm really too young to be feelin' this old it's about time you admit it, who you kiddin'? man, nobody's ever done it like i did it, uh i know way too many people here right now that i didn't know last yearwho the fuck are y'all? i swear it feels like the last few nights we been everywhere and back but i just can't remember it all what am i doin'? what am i doin'? oh yeah, that's righti'm doin' me, i'm doin' me i'm livin' life right now, man and this what i'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over but it's far from over yeah, that's righti'm doin' me, i'm doin' me i'm livin' life right now, man and this what i'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over but it's far from over, uh