take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home  take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home  just a urchin livin' under the street, i'm a hard case that's tough to beat i'm your charity case, so buy me somethin' to eat i'll pay you at another time take it to the end of the line rags to riches, or so they say, you gotta keep pushin' for the fortune and fame you know, it's, it's all a gamble when it's just a game you treat it like a capital crime everybody's doin' the time take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty oh, won't you please take me home? yeah, yeah take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home strapped in the chair of the city's gas chamber why i'm here, i can't quite remember the surgeon general says it's hazardous to breathe i'd have another cigarette, but i can't see tell me who you're gonna believe take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home, yeah, yeah take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty oh, won't you please take me home? yeah so far away so far away so far away so far away captain america's been torn apart, now he's a court jester with a broken heart, he said turn me around and take me back to the start i must be losin' my mind, are you blind? i've seen it all a million times take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home, yeah, yeah take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty oh, won't you please take me home? take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home, yeah, yeah take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty oh, won't you please take me home? home oh i wanna go, i wanna know oh, won't you please take me home?  i wanna see how good it can be oh, won't you please take me home? take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty take me home  take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty oh, won't you please take me home? take me down , meet me 'round  oh, won't you please take me home?  i wanna see  how good it can be  oh, won't you please take me home? i wanna see, ooh, how good it can be oh, oh, take me home take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty oh, won't you please take me home?  i wanna know , i wanna know  oh, won't you please take me home? yeah, baby please