let me hear you say, hey, ms. carter  say, hey, ms. carter  give me somethin' see me up in the club with fifty-'leven girls posted in the back, diamond fangs in my grill brooklyn brim with my eyes sittin' low every boy in here with me got that smoke and every girl in here got to look me up and down all on instagram, cake by the pound circulate the image every time i come around g's up, tell me how i'm lookin', babe boy, this all for you, just walk my way just tell me how it's lookin', babe just tell me how it's lookin', babe  i do this all for you, baby, just take aim and tell me how it's lookin', babe  tell me how it's lookin', babe, lookin', babe drop the bass, mane, the bass get lower radio say, speed it up, i just go slower high like treble, pumpin' on the mids the man ain't ever seen a booty like this and why you think you keep my name rollin' off the tongue? 'cause when he want a smash, i'll just write another one i sneezed on the beat and the beat got sicker yonc all on his mouth like liquor yonc all on his mouth like liquor yonc all on his mouth like liquor yonc all on his mouth like liquor like, like liquor, like, like, like liquor yonc all on his mouth like liquor yonc all on his mouth like liquor yonc all on his mouth like liquor like, like liquor, like, like, like liquor beyonc, beyonc? are you happy to be in paris? are you happy to be in paris? beyonc, beyonc, beyonc ?  driver, roll up the partition, please driver, roll up the partition, please i don't need you seein' 'yonc on her knees took forty-five minutes to get all dressed up we ain't even gonna make it to this club now my mascara runnin', red lipstick smudged oh, he so horny, yeah, he want to fuck he popped all my buttons and he ripped my blouse he monica lewinsky'd all on my gown oh, there, daddy, daddy didn't bring the towel oh, baby, baby, we better slow it down took forty-five minutes to get all dressed up and we ain't even gon' make it to this club take all of me i just wanna be the girl you like the kind of girl you like take all of me i just wanna be the girl you like the kind of girl you like is right here with me driver, roll up the partition fast  driver, roll up the partition fast over there, i swear i saw them cameras flash handprints and footprints on my glass handprints and good grips all on my ass private show with the music blastin' he like to call me peaches when we get this nasty red wine drip, we'll talk that trash chauffeur eavesdroppin', tryin' not to crash oh, there, daddy, daddy, now you rip my fur oh, baby, baby be sweatin' off my hair took forty-five minutes to get all dressed up and we ain't even gonna make it to this club take all of me i just wanna be the girl you like the kind of girl you like take all of me i just wanna be the girl you like the kind of girl you like is right here with me  est-ce que tu aimes le sexe? le sexe, je veux dire l'activit physique, le cot. tu aimes a ? tu ne t'intresses pas au sexe ? les hommes pensent que les fministes dtestent le sexe, mais c'est une activit trs stimulante et naturelle que les femmes adorent take all of me i just wanna be the girl you like the kind of girl you like take all of me i just wanna be the girl you like the kind of girl you like is right here with me  bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz-bzz-wop