i hopped off the plane at lax with a dream and my cardigan welcome to the land of fame excess  am i gonna fit in? jumped in the cab, here i am for the first time look to my right, and i see the hollywood sign this is all so crazy everybody seems so famous my tummy's turnin' and i'm feelin' kinda homesick too much pressure and i'm nervous that's when the taxi man turned on the radio and a jay-z song was on and a jay-z song was on and a jay-z song was on so i put my hands up they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away i'm noddin' my head like, yeah movin' my hips like, yeah i got my hands up, they're playin' my song i know i'm gonna be okay yeah, it's a party in the u.s.a. yeah, it's a party in the u.s.a. get to the club in my taxi cab everybody's lookin' at me now like, who's that chick that's rockin' kicks? she gotta be from out of town so hard with my girls not around me it's definitely not a nashville party 'cause all i see are stilettos i guess i never got the memo my tummy's turnin' and i'm feelin' kinda homesick too much pressure and i'm nervous that's when the dj dropped my favorite tune and a britney song was on and a britney song was on and a britney song was on so i put my hands up they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away i'm noddin' my head like, yeah movin' my hips like, yeah i got my hands up, they're playin' my song i know i'm gonna be okay yeah, it's a party in the u.s.a. yeah, it's a party in the u.s.a. feel like hopping on a flight  back to my hometown tonight  something stops me every time  the dj plays my song, and i feel all right  so i put my hands up they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away i'm noddin' my head like, yeah  movin' my hips like, yeah  i got my hands up, they're playin' my song i know i'm gonna be okay  yeah , it's a party in the u.s.a.  yeah, it's a party in the u.s.a. so i put my hands up they're playin' my song, the butterflies fly away  i'm noddin' my head like, yeah  movin' my hips like, yeah  i got my hands up, they're playin' my song i know i'm gonna be okay  yeah , it's a party in the u.s.a. yeah , it's a party in the u.s.a.