ether boy! hey! how we ball in the club, i know you hate it mami dancin' on the floor all like she naked when she laid out with you, i know she fake it all the girls give it to me i ain't gotta take it oh ohh! pop champagne! oh ohh! pop champagne! oh ohh! we pop champagne! oh ohh! we pop champagne! we need more bottles, tell ma hurry up tell 'em ron browz here, hottest in america gimme sixteen bars and you know i tear it up know it's me when you see this fur in your area and she call me all night cause you can't get it up on my neck, on my wrist, everything is litted up drinkin bottles of that clicquot 'till i spit it up only get one life so you gotta live it up  if you in the things i'm in shorty we can be friends, shorty we can be friends right now, i wanna see you dance, see you dance i wanna see you dance, see you dance i wanna see you dance, see you dance i wanna see you dance, see you dance when i go to the dealer you know i cop that  brand new 'rarri and the roof drop back  came through harlem like the rooftop back  money in the bank, man, you know don't stop that   now we tryin to get up in the club  try to tell me no cause i'm rollin with the thugs  until i flash a couple of dollars  tell 'em we only want tables and we buyin' out the bottles  y'all know the order tell 'em ten roses and a few cold waters  only petron and a couple of lemons  ten thousand dollars stuffed up in the denims  we standin' on couches, a couple of women  we was ballin' hard, it was just the ninth inning  he told shorty we could be friends  and your friends could meet my friends  and we could do this on the weekend or on the weekday we could do this on the freeway and get it in the freak way shit! we could get in on three way  blackberry two way, souped up cars on the thruway  we superstars, no lupe, we could do this like a duet but y'all be the singers on the mic, wait let me dim the lights this was in the car while i was stoppin' at the light how we ball in the club, i know you hate it mami dancin' on the floor all like she naked when she laid out with you, i know she fake it all the girls give it to me i ain't gotta take it oh ohh! pop champagne! oh ohh! pop champagne! oh ohh! we pop champagne! oh ohh! we pop champagne! baby i wanna see you work  see you dance  without no shirt, without those pants pop champagne ain't a damn thing change spray it in the air make it champagne rain buckets of ice keep the champagne cool mommy got a body see that damn thing move but, it's no sex in the champagne room says who? baby, i break all rules bring it here and i'll break off you she see me in v.i.p. and wanna break on through when she with you, she lyin, but she fake it when she with me, she like it, she never fake it i wanna see you dance, see you dance i wanna see you dance, see you dance i wanna see you dance, see you dance i wanna see you dance, see you dance how we ball in the club, i know you hate it mami dancin' on the floor all like she naked when she laid out with you, i know she fake it all the girls give it to me i ain't gotta take it oh ohh! pop champagne! oh ohh! pop champagne! oh ohh! we pop champagne! oh ohh! we pop champagne!