hold it, everybody hold it, hold it, listen yeah psychedelic shack, that's where it's at psychedelic shack, that's where it's at yeah psychedelic shack, that's where it's at psychedelic shack, that's where it's at people, let me tell you 'bout a place i know to get in, it don't take much dough where you can really do your thing, yeah, yeah, yeah  it's got a neon sign outside that says come in and take a look at your mind. you'll be surprised what you might find, yeah.  strobe lights flashing from sun up to sundown people gather there from all parts of town.  right around the corner you know it's just across the tracks people, i'm talking about the psychedelic shack get back psychedelic shack, that's where it's at.  psychedelic shack, that's where it's at.  psychedelic shack, that's where it's at yeah.  you can have your fortune told you can learn the meaning of soul there ain't no such a thing as time  and time incense in the air.  peace signs painted everywhere i can tell you this place will blow your mind they got music so high, you can't get over it so low, you can't get under it let me tell you where it's at.  right around the corner,  just across the tracks people, i'm talking 'bout the psychedelic shack get psyched psychedelic shack, that's where it's at psychedelic shack, that's where it's at psychedelic shack, that's where it's at yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah millionaires, kings and queens go there to do their thing you might see anybody there, yeah, yeah bear skin rugs, tails and minks oooh, it don't really matter what you wear oh, you can take off your shoes and sit on the floor join in and be what you wanna be don't you know that it's right around the corner,  just across the tracks people, i'm talking about the psychedelic shack get back psychedelic shack, that's where it's at psychedelic shack, that's where it's at psychedelic shack, that's where it's at yeah.  they got a cat that's shouting the blues talking 'bout paying some dues people walking around reciting poetry, yeah  screaming guitars and a thousand colored lights people, i'm telling you this place is really out of sight  yeah! you can have your fortune told you can learn the meaning of soul i can tell you this place will blow your mind don't you know it's right around the corner...