gonna make a move that knocks you over watch this turn this one's gonna put you away but i'm doing my very best dancing, yeah every time you're looking the other way well, i could move out to the left for a while or i could slide to the right for a while hey, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back? hey, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? i've been trying to get your attention yeah, and i'm very, very close to thinking of a way hey, i could be big and tough and other funny stuff, yeah but you just keep looking the other way i could move out to the left for a while or i could slide to the right for a while hey, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back? hey, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back?  is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? how far away can you go and still dancing with me? would you mind staying in the vicinity i've not been faring badly but i would gladly take you back!  there must be some kind of bad connection because this music does not sound the way it did i got to get up and back 'cause i've been off track and that may be just why you disappeared but now i've got you in the corner of my eye and i've got one more move i can try hey, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back? yeah, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back?  is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? mmm, i could get up and back right on track  but is right on track, is that gonna get you back?  is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? get you back, is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? get you back, is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? get you back, is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back? is that gonna get you back?