okay, check it, check it, check it out it's santana again steppin', steppin', steppin' out  one of the brand-new big-boy toys i do big-boy things, i make big-boy noise, 'cause i know what girls want  i know what they like  they wanna stay up  and party all night so bring a friend let me talk to you, tell you how it is i was thinkin' when i saw that body gotta get shawty, tell her what the young boy gon' do damn, them chicks with you gotta be okay babe, pretty thick with the kick that's sick that need to be hit, so tell me what y'all gon' do i got friends and you got friends  they hop out, and you hop in  i look fly and they jockin'  the way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop i got friends and you got friends  they hop out, and you hop in  i look fly and they jockin'  the way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop is ya man  on the floor?  if he ain't , lemme know  let me see if you can run it, run it girl, indeed i can run it, run it is ya man  on the floor?  if he ain't , lemme know  let me see if you can run it, run it girl, indeed i can run it, run it  you'll see, girl, i can set you off don't believe my age is gonna slow us down i can definitely show you things to have you sayin' i can't be sixteen once i get in you won't let go  i'll have the girls wishin' they were you  i know you heard about me but guess what's goin' down if we leave i got friends and you got friends  they hop out, and you hop in  i look fly and they jockin'  the way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop i got friends and you got friends  they hop out, and you hop in  i look fly and they jockin'  the way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop  is ya man  on the floor?  if he ain't , lemme know  let me see if you can run it, run it  girl, indeed i can run it, run it  is ya man  on the floor?  if he ain't , lemme know  let me see if you can run it, run it  girl, indeed i can run it, run it  girl, you feel right  make me feel like  i wanna do a little somethin'  ain't no thing 'less you do it for sure girl, the way that you're wearin' them jeans is turnin' me on i'm the hottest thing that's in these streets  so, baby, won't you rock me?  make it drop, honey , make it pop, honey  whip whop, tick-tock to the clock for me don't stop doin' that  and shorty know i mean what i say so she won't stop doin' that plus i heard if you can dance, you can bump well dance time is up, let's go, let's go  we can get it in , we can get some friends do it like the ying yang twins, start whisperin' wait 'til you see my ayy! wait 'til you see my ayy! let me fall back, you ain't ready for all that have you sleep late, real late, yeah, takin' a long nap  you tell your friends to get with my friends we could be friends, switch and meet friends  we can do it all night long and 'til the clock hit mornin', ya dig?  is ya man  on the floor?  if he ain't , lemme know  let me see if you can run it, run it girl, indeed i can run it, run it  is ya man  on the floor?  if he ain't , lemme know  let me see if you can run it, run it  girl, indeed i can run it, run it  oh-oh  oh, oh  oh, woah  oh-oh