day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment i'd let you had i known it, why don't you say so? didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with you got to keep me focused you want it? say so day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment i'd let you had i known it, why don't you say so? didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with you got to keep me focused you want it? say so it's been a long time since you fell in love you ain't coming out your shell, you ain't really been yourself tell me, what must i do?  'cause luckily, i'm good at reading i wouldn't bug him, but he won't stop cheesin' and we can dance all day around it if you frontin', i'll be bouncing if you want it, scream it, shout it, babe before i leave you dry day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment i'd let you had i known it, why don't you say so? didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with you got to keep me focused you want it? say so day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment i'd let you had i known it, why don't you say so? didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with you got to keep me focused you want it? say so  let me check my chest, my breath right quick  he ain't ever seen it in a dress like this  he ain't ever even been impressed like this prolly why i got him quiet on the set like zip like it, love it, need it bad take it, own it, steal it fast boy, stop playing, grab my ass why you actin' like you shy?  shut it, save it, keep it pushin' why you beating 'round the bush? knowin' you want all this woman never knock it 'til you try  all of them bitches hating i have you with me all of my niggas sayin' you mad committed realer than anybody you had, and pretty all of the body-ody, the ass and titties day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment i'd let you had i known it, why don't you say so? didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with you got to keep me focused you want it? say so day to night to morning, keep with me in the moment i'd let you had i known it, why don't you say so? didn't even notice, no punches left to roll with you got to keep me focused you want it? say so mm-hmm uh-huh, oh uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh mm-hmm uh-huh, oh uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh