here we go, yo, here we go, yo so what, so what, so what's the scenario? here we go, yo, here we go, yo so what, so what, so what's the scenario? verse 1 phife dawg, all  ayo, bo knows this  and bo knows that  but bo don't know jack, 'cause bo can't rap well, what do you know? the di-dawg is first up to bat no batteries included, and no strings attached no holds barred, no time for move-fakin' gots to get the loot, so i can bring home the bacon brothers front, they say, the tribe can't flow but we've been known to do the impossible like broadway joe, so sleep if you want, nytol will help you get your z's, troop but here's the real scoop i'm all that and then some, short, dark, and handsome bust a nut inside your eye to show you where i come from i'm vexed, fumin', i've had it up to here my days of payin' dues are over, acknowledge me as in there  head for the border, go get a taco watch me wreck it from the jump street, meanin' from the get-go sit back, relax, and let yourself go don't sweat what you heard, but act like you know yes, yes, y'all!  who got the vibe? it's the tribe, y'all! , real live, y'all!  inside, outside, come around  broooown! so may i say, call me charlie the word is the herb and i'm deep like bob marley lay back on the payback, evolve, rotate the gates contact! can i get a hit?  boom bip with a brother named tip and we're ready to flip east coast stompin', rippin', and rompin' new york, north cak-a-laka, and compton checka-checka-check it out the loops for the troops, more bounce to the ounce and wow-how-now-wow, how now, brown cow? we're ill 'til the skill gets down for the flex next it's the textbook, old to the new but the rest are doo-doo from radio to the video, to arsenio tell me, yo, what's the scenario?  scooby doo, whoopie doo scenarios, radios, rates more than four scores for the s'mores that smother dance floors now i go for mine, shades of sea shore ship-shape, crushed grapes, apes that play tapes papes make drakes baked for the wakes of an l-ah , an -eader ! simply just a leader base in the space means peace, see you later later  later, alligator pop blows the weasel and the urge to inflate her so, yo, the d, what, the o incorporated i-n-c into a flow funk flipped, flat back, first this, foul, fight, fight, fight, laugh yo, how'd that sound?  verse 4 q-tip, busta rhymes , all  it's a leader-quest mission and we got the goods here  never on the left, 'cause my right's my good ear  i could give a damn about a ill subliminal stay away from crime, so i ain't no criminal! i love my young nation, groovy sensation no time for hibernation, only elation don't ever try to test the water, little kid yo, mr. busta rhymes, tell 'em what i did i heard you rushed and rushed and attacked then they rebuked and you had to smack causin' rambunction throughout the sphere raise the levels of the boom inside the ear  so don't violate or you'll get violated the hip hop sound is well agitated won't ever waste no time on a played out ego so here's busta rhymes with the scenario verse 5 busta rhymes, all  watch as i combine all the juice from the mind heel up, wheel up, bring it back, come, rewind powerful impact  from the cannon! not braggin', tryna read my mind, just imagine vocabulary's necessary when diggin' into my library oh, my gosh! oh, my gosh! eatin' ital stew like the one peter tosh, uh ugh, ugh, ugh! all over the track, man ugh, pardon me, ugh! as i come back! as i did it, yo, i had to beg your pardon when i travel through the town, i roll with the squadron rawr! rawr! like a dungeon dragon change your little drawers, 'cause your pants are saggin' try to step to this, i will twist you in a turban and have you smellin' rank like some old, stale urine chickity choco, the chocolate chicken the rear cock diesel, buttcheeks, they were kickin' yo, bust it out before the busta bust another rhyme the rhythm is in sync , the rhymes are on time  rippin' up the sound just like horatio observe the vibe and check out the scenario here we go, yo, here we go, yo  so what, so what, so what's the scenario? here we go, yo, here we go, yo so what, so what, so what's the scenario? here we go, yo, here we go, yo so what, so what, so what's the scenario? here we go, yo, here we go, yo so what, so what, so what's the scenario?