sexy, can i? yeah! ray  we out here it's young boss, knockout  all he wanna know is...  first round, ladies sexy, can i? just pardon my manners girl, how you shake it got a nigga like  it's a kodak moment, let me go and get my camera  all i wanna know is sexy, can i? sexy, can i hit it from the front? can i hit it from the back? know you like it like that  then we take it to the bed, then we take it to the flo' then we chill for a second, then we back at it some mo' sexy, can i?  sexy, can i? just pardon my manners girl, how you shake it got a nigga like  it's a kodak moment, let me go and get my camera  all i wanna know is sexy, can i?  'ey, waddup, lil mama? it's ya boy yung'n g5 dipped in louis vuitton luggage 'ey, gotta love it, ya boy so fly all the ladies go  when the nigga go by gucci on the feet, marc jacob on the thigh she wanna ride or die witcha boy in the chi that's right, so i let her kiss the prince her boyfriend, she ain't missed him since  ya dig? sexy, can i? just pardon my manners girl, how you shake it got a nigga like  it's a kodak moment, let me go and get my camera  all i wanna know is sexy, can i? sexy, can i keep it on the low? got a girl at the crib, we can take it to the mo-mo you can bring a friend, or you can ride solo let me get my camera, so we can take a photo ray, tell her how it sound ooh, ooh  baby, when we make love, it's like ooh, ooh i don't know what your man is like, but, shawty, all i wanna know is... sexy, can i? sexy, can i visit you at work? while you slidin down the pole, no panties, no shirt then you climb back up the pole, then you drop and do the splits how you make that pussy talk, baby, damn you on some real shit break it down, ray refrain ray j  yung berg , ray j  detail  ooh, ooh  i make it rain in the club like, ooh i don't know what your man is like, but baby all i wanna know is... sexy, can i? sexy, can i? just pardon my manners girl, how you shake it got a nigga like  it's a kodak moment, let me go and get my camera  all i wanna know is sexy, can i? you know what it is.. she ain't concerned with, who ya boy's hittin, or who ray's nailing so when i give it to her, i know that she ain't tellin see i'm a go getta and she a go get-it you already know she a  sexy, can i send for you red-eye?fresh out the pool, no towel, let it air-dry and if you ain't fuckin' tonight then you can watch our tour bus go by  sexy, can i? just pardon my manners girl, how you shake it got a nigga like  it's a kodak moment, let me go and get my camera  all i wanna know is sexy, can i? sexy, can i hit it from the front? can i hit it from the back? know you like it like that  then we take it to the bed, then we take it to the flo' then we chill for a second, then we back at it some mo' sexy can i? oh, sexy, can i? just pardon my manners girl, how you shake it got a nigga like  it's a kodak moment, let me go and get my camera  all i wanna know is sexy, can i? i just wanna have some fun you know i wanna have some too! ay, i said, can i just have some fun? we about to turn the mansion out and we can do it with the cameras out sexy, can i?