lets drop! yeah, come on shake, shake i'll take you home if you don't leave me at the front door your body's cold, but girl, we're getting so warm and i was thinking of ways that i could get inside tonight, you're falling in love  this feeling's tearing me up  now if she does it like this, will you do it like that? now if she touches like this, will you touch her right back? now if she moves like this, will you move her like that? come on, shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it your lips tremble, but your eyes are in a straight stare we're on the bed, but your clothes are laying right there and i was thinking of places that i could hide tonight you're falling in love  this feeling's tearing me up  now if she does it like this, will you do it like that? now if she touches like this, will you touch her right back? now if she moves like this, will you move her like that? come on, shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it i saw you dancing and i couldn't get you off my mind and i could tell that you could tell that i was taking my time but i was thinking of ways to get you staying the night your body's shaking, tell me off so i can turn off the lights now if she does it like this, will you do it like that? now if she touches like this, will you touch her right back? now if she moves like this, will you move her like that? come on, shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it a-shake shake, shake shake, a-shake it