you always wearin' them glasses you don't wanna let no sucker look you in your eyes, huh? better show off them eyelashes you love what you do with a passion ooh, that shit attractive i fuck with you, girl all he wanna do is gas me how we end up in the backseat? just tryna get to the bag we on the same page, you the same way only keep the fam around me so let me know what it's gon' be i don't plan on gettin' no sleep, while we doin' our thing, movin' too fast candy paint with the windows all black seats crme brle, what they gon' say? with the top down screamin', money ain't a thing and we up 'til six in the mornin' when the sun rise, we be on it ooh, i got five, you know it's all live tell me when to go, baby, when we gon' slide? baby, when we gon' slide? hey, hey up all night, baby, when we gon' slide? oh, yeah, yeah baby when we gon' slide, slide, slide, slide? slide, uh i don't care if we on the run nothin' matters when we one on one lookin' at us 'cause we goin' dumb we on the same wave, you the same way you know i be down if it's with you where we goin'? baby, what's the move? we should take a trip up to the moon get a room doin' our thing, movin' too fast candy paint with the windows all black seats crme brle, what they gon' say? with the top down screamin', money ain't a thing and we up 'til six in the mornin' when the sun rise, we be on it ooh, i got five, you know it's all live tell me when to go, baby, when we gon' slide? baby, when we gon' slide? hey, huh up all night, baby, when we gon' slide? yeah up all night, baby, when we gon' slide? oh up all night, baby, when we gon' slide?  i need a baecation i need my bitch in an apron booty all out cookin' bacon orange juice and ace what we drinkin' i only come out when the stars out i'm on a mission, but we far out this city talkin' with a large mouth yeah, they after the boy like fall out  drop it, give me fifty, girl, drop it, give me fifty you should slide with me 'cause you be trippin' when you miss me you gon' hold me close and on your neck gon' be a hickie i ain't gotta do too much, i know what get you sticky i ain't gotta know astrology, i know your vibe skip the foreplay, you don't let niggas fuck with your mind i ain't givin' out apologies when i'm behind fuckin' up the seats of the brand new ride doin' our thing, movin' too fast candy paint with the windows all black seats crme brle, what they gon' say? with the top down screamin', money ain't a thing and we up 'til six in the mornin' when the sun rise, we be on it ooh, i got five, you know it's all live tell me when to go, baby, when we gon' slide? baby, when we gon' slide? hey, huh up all night, baby, when we gon' slide? yeah up all night, baby, when we gon' slide? oh up all night, baby, when we gon' slide? uh fuckin' up the seats of the brand new ride