ow! cha! shoo-ca-choo-ca! as he came into the window was a sound of a crescendo he came into her apartment he left the bloodstains on the carpet she ran underneath the table he could see she was unable so she ran into the bedroom she was struck down, it was her doom annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? will you tell us that you're okay? there's a sound at the window then he struck you, a crescendo, annie he came into your apartment left the bloodstains on the carpet and then you ran into the bedroom you were struck down it was your doom annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? you've been hit by you've been hit by a smooth criminal ow! so they came in to the out way it was sunday, what a black day mouth-to-mouth resuscitation sounding heartbeats, intimidations annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? annie, are you okay? are you okay? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? so, annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? annie, are you okay? will you tell us that you're okay? there's a sound at the window then he struck you, a crescendo, annie he came into your apartment left the bloodstains on the carpet and then you ran into the bedroom you were struck down it was your doom annie, are you okay? annie, are you okay? are you okay, annie? you've been hit by you've been struck by a smooth criminal choo-cha, choo-cha ow! okay, i want everybody to clear the area right now! ow! hoo! hoo! hoo! hoo! ow! annie, are you okay?  will you tell us that you're okay?  there's a sound at the window  then he struck you, a crescendo, annie  he came into your apartment  left the bloodstains on the carpet  and then you ran into the bedroom  you were struck down it was your doom, annie  annie, are you okay?  will you tell us that you're okay?  there's a sound at the window  then he struck you, a crescendo annie  he came into your apartment,  left the bloodstains on the carpet  and then you ran into the bedroom  you were struck down  it was your doom, annie  ow! ow! shoo-cha-choo, shoo-cha-choo! ow! ow!