ooh i think i know i'll touch that fire for you i do that three, four times again, i testify for you i told that lie, i'd kill that bitch i do what all of them around you scared to do, i'm not long as you juggin' out here for me, i got it mobbin', schemin', lootin', hide your bodies long as you dreamin' 'bout me, ain't no problem i don't got nobody, just with you right now to tell the truth, i look better under you i can't lose when i'm with you how can i snooze and miss the moment? you just too important nobody do body like you do i can't lose when i'm with you i can't just snooze and miss the moment you just too important nobody do body like you do, you do in a droptop ride with you, i feel like scarface  like that white bitch with the bob, i'll be your main one  lt's take this argument back up to my place  sex remind you i'm nonviolent, i'm your day one  we ain't have shit yet, it was magic, yeah smash and grab shit, yeah nasty habits take a hold when you not here ain't a home when you not here hard to grow when you not here, i'm sayin' i can't lose when i'm with you how can i snooze and miss the moment? you just too important nobody do body like you do i can't lose when i'm with you how can i snooze and miss the moment? you just too important nobody do body like you do, you do main one ridin' how you frontin' on me and i'm the main one tryin'? how you blame it on me and you the main one lyin'? how you threatenin' to leave and i'm the main one cryin'? just tryna be your everything main one ridin' how you frontin' on me and i'm the main one tryin'? how you blame it on me and you the main one lyin'? how you threatenin' to leave and i'm the main one cryin'? i can't lose when i'm with you  how can i snooze and miss the moment?  you just too important nobody do body like you do i can't lose when i'm with you  how can i snooze and miss the moment?  you just too important nobody do body like you do, you do nah, nah, nah, nah i think i know, woah see, no, i can't lose, oh i think i know, oh