you don't stop, you keep on and you don't stop, you can't front on that to the s k b, you don't stop well, just plug me in just like i was eddie harris you're eating crazy cheese like you'd think i'm from paris you know i get fly, you think i get high you know that i'm gone and i'm a tell you all why so tell me who are you dissing, maybe i'm missing the reason that you're smiling or wilding so listen in my head i just want to take 'em down imagination set loose and i'm gonna shake 'em down let it flow like a mud slide when i get on i like to ride and glide i've got depth of perception in my text y'all i get props at my mention cause i vex y'all so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  when you're so funny with the money that you flaunt i said where'd you get your information from? you think that you can front when revelation comes? i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  well, they call me mike d, the ever loving man i'm like spoonie gee, i'm the metro politician  you scream and you holler about my chevy impala but the sweat is getting wetter than the ring around your collar but like a dream i'm flowing without no stopping sweeter than a cherry pie with ready whip topping goin' from mic to mic, kickin' it wall to wall well, i'll be calling out you people like a casting call oh well, it's wacked when you're jacked in the back of a ride with your know, with your flow when you're out gettin' by believe me, what you see is what you get and you see me, comin' off as you can bet well, i think i'm losin' my mind this time this time i'm losin' my mind, that's right i said, i think i'm losin' my mind this time this time, i'm losing my mind  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  but little do you know about something that i talk about i'm tired of driving, it's due time that i walk about but in the meantime, i'm wise to the demise i've got eyes in the back of my head, so i realize well, i'm dr. spock, i'm here to rock y'all i want you off the wall if you're playing the wall i said what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  suckers write me checks and then they bounce so i reach into my pocket for the fresh amount see i'm the long leaner victor the cleaner i'm the illest motherfucker from here to gardena well, i'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce you've got the rhyme and reason but no cause so if you're hot to trot, you think you're slicker than grease i've got news for you crews, you'll be suckin' like a leech i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want?  i got the big brown boots when you wanna get kicked like a rhyme from the heart and the mind there was a time when the blunt got lit i take a hit of the weed and then blew a smoke screen no visine, just a little afro-sheen and a high times magazine i like to smoke y'all but the pigs come sweating they like the smell of the weed that i'm smoking they can't have none of the number one sess-stash so keep your hands off the hash, don't act rash cause if you move too fast, i'll pull out my gat and blast your sorry ass and you can kiss my ass, that was the m to the i to the k to the e to the d y'all, ghetto block