who's watching?tell me, who's watching? who's watching me? i'm just an average man with an average life i work from nine to five, hey, hell, i pay the price all i want is to be left alone in my average home but why do i always feel like i'm in the twilight zone ? and i always feel like somebody's watchin' me and i have no privacy  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me tell me, is it just a dream? when i come home at night i bolt the door real tight people call me on the phone, i'm trying to avoid but can the people on tv see me, or am i just paranoid? when i'm in the shower, i'm afraid to wash my hair 'cause i might open my eyes and find someone standing there people say i'm crazy, just a little touched but maybe showers remind me of psycho too much, that's why i always feel like somebody's watchin' me and i have no privacy  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me who's playing tricks on me?  i don't know anymore are the neighbors watching me?  well, is the mailman watching me?  and i don't feel safe anymore, oh, what a mess i wonder who's watching me now , the irs? i always feel like somebody's watchin' me and i have no privacy  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me tell me, is it just a dream? i always feel like somebody's watchin' me  and i have no privacy  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me who's playing tricks on me?  oh-oh-oh  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me ooh, now, ah, ooh i always feel like somebody's watchin' me  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me ooh, now, ah, ooh i always feel like somebody's watchin' me  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me and i have no privacy  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me i can't enjoy my tea  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me can i have my privacy?  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me who's watching me?  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me hee-hee, oh-oh-oh-oh i always feel like somebody's watchin' me stop playing tricks on me, yeah  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me why don't they leave me be?  i always feel like somebody's watchin' me i can't enjoy my tea