some nights, i stay up cashin' in my bad luck some nights, i call it a draw some nights, i wish that my lips could build a castle some nights, i wish they'd just fall off but i still wake up, i still see your ghost oh, lord, i'm still not sure what i stand for, oh  what do i stand for?  what do i stand for? most nights, i don't know anymore oh, oh, oh-ooh, oh, oh oh-ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh oh, oh, oh-ooh, oh, oh oh-ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh this is it, boys, this is war  what are we waiting for?  why don't we break the rules already? i was never one to believe the hype  save that for the black and white  try twice as hard, and i'm half as liked but here they come again to jack my style and that's all right  i found a martyr in my bed tonight she stops my bones from wondering just who i, who i, who i am, oh, who am i? mm-mm mm-mm well, some nights, i wish that this all would end 'cause i could use some friends for a change and some nights, i'm scared you'll forget me again some nights, i always win  but i still wake up, i still see your ghost oh, lord, i'm still not sure what i stand for, oh  what do i stand for?  what do i stand for? most nights, i don't know  so this is it? i sold my soul for this? washed my hands of that for this? i miss my mom and dad for this?  no, when i see stars, when i see when i see stars, that's all they are when i hear songs, they sound like a swan so come on, oh, come on oh, come on, oh, come on well, that is it, guys, that is all  five minutes in, and i'm bored again  ten years of this, i'm not sure if anybody understands this one is not for the folks at home  sorry to leave, mom, i had to go  who the fuck wants to die alone all dried up in the desert sun? my heart is breakin' for my sister and the con that she called love and then i look into my nephew's eyes man, you wouldn't believe the most amazing things that can come from some terrible nights ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah-ah  oh, oh, oh-ooh, oh, oh oh-ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh oh, oh, oh-ooh, oh, oh oh-ooh, oh, oh, oh-oh the other night, you wouldn't believe the dream i just had about you and me i'd called you up, but we both agreed it's for the best you didn't listen, no it's for the best we get our distance, oh-oh-oh for the best, you didn't listen it's for the best we get our distance, oh-oh-oh-oh