pour up , head shot  sit down , stand up  pass out , wake up  faded , faded  now, i done grew up round some people livin' their life in bottles granddaddy had the golden flask, backstroke every day in chicago some people like the way it feel, some people wanna kill their sorrow some people wanna fit in with the popular, that was my problem i was in a dark room, loud tunes, lookin' to make a vow soon that i'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup, i see the crowd mood changin' by the minute and the record on repeat took a sip, then another sip, then somebody said to me nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots? i'ma show you how to turn it up a notch first, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it pool full of liquor, then you dive in it i wave a few bottles, then i watch 'em all flock all the girls wanna play baywatch i got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it po-pool full of liquor, i'ma dive in it pour up , head shot  sit down , stand up  pass out , wake up  faded , faded  okay, now open your mind up and listen me, kendrick i am your conscience, if you do not hear me, then you will be history, kendrick i know that you're nauseous right now and i'm hopin' to lead you to victory, kendrick if i take another one down, i'ma drown in some poison, abusin' my limit i think that i'm feelin' the vibe, i see the love in her eyes i see the feelin', the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived this how you capitalize, this is parental advised, and apparently, i'm over-influenced by what you are doin', i thought i was doin' the most 'til someone said to me nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots? i'ma show you how to turn it up a notch first, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it pool full of liquor, then you dive in it i wave a few bottles, then i watch 'em all flock all the girls wanna play baywatch i got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it po-pool full of liquor, i'ma dive in it pour up , head shot  sit down , stand up  pass out , wake up  faded , faded  i ride, you ride, bang one chopper, one hundred shots, bang hop out, do you bang? two chopper, two hundred shots, bang i ride, you ride, bang one chopper, one hundred shots, bang hop out, do you bang? two chopper, two hundred shots, bang nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots? i'ma show you how to turn it up a notch first, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it pool full of liquor, then you dive in it i wave a few bottles, then i watch 'em all flock all the girls wanna play baywatch i got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it po-pool full of liquor, i'ma dive in it pour up , head shot  sit down , stand up  pass out , wake up  faded , faded  sherane sherane  sherane, sherane  aw, man  sherane where is she takin' me?  where is she takin' me?  all i, all i, all i all i have in life is my new appetite for failure and i got hunger pain that grow insane, tell me, do that sound familiar? if it do, then you're like me, makin' excuse that your relief is in the bottom of a bottle and the greenest indo leaf as the window open, i release everything that corrode inside of me i see you jokin', why you laugh? don't you feel bad? i probably sleep and never ever wake up, never ever wake up, never ever wake up in god i trust, but just when i thought i had enough they stomped the homie out over a bitch? k-dot, you good, blood? now we can drop yeah, we can drop you back off that nigga's straight, man, that nigga ain't trippin' we gon' do the same ol' shit i'ma pop a few shots, they gon' ru they run opposite way fall right in 's lap and he gon' tear they ass up, simple as that and i hope that bitch that set him up out there, we gon' pop that bitch too wait hold up, ayy, i see somebody car door opens and gunshots are fired aha, got them niggas k-dot, you good? , you good? yeah, blood, i'm good, dave, you good? dave? dave, say somethin' dave? these bitch-ass niggas killed my brother