d.a . hah slide on it pimp game with my pinky ring lotta gang, lotta bitches, and a icy chain why you claim that you rich? that's a false claim i be straight to the whip, no baggage claim whole lotta styles, can't even pronounce the name you ain't got no style, see you on my instagram i be rockin' it like it's fresh out the pan only when i'm takin' pics, i'm the middleman walk, talk it like a boss, i just lift a hand three million cash, call me rain man money like a shower, that's my rain dance and we all in black, like it's gangland say the wrong words, you be hangman watch me stick to your bitch like a spray tan aw, mr. what-kind-of-car-he-in? and the city love my name, nigga, i ain't gotta say it , she can get a taste , she can get a taste , fuck what a nigga say it's all the same like mary-kate , she can get a taste , let you get a taste , do you love the taste? yeah, that's cool, but he ain't like me lotta girls like me, niggas wanna fight me nigga, get your ass checked like a fuckin' nike me not icy, that's unlikely and she gon' suck me like a fuckin' hi-c aw, chains on the neck for the whole team and i feel like gucci with the ice cream and my bitch want the fenty, not the maybelline i'm the black jb, the way these bitches scream make these bitches scream ah, pretty little thing like my nigga a.e . say, yadadadamean , she can get a taste , she can get a taste , fuck what a nigga say it's all the same like mary-kate , she can get a taste , let you get a taste , do you love the taste? yeah, that's cool  yeah, i'ma put the drip on the plate, yeah  diamond ice glacier, niggas imitate  ayy, ayy, feed me grapes, maybach with the drake  slow pace in the wraith, got this shit from bae  diamonds up to par , the cookie hittin' hard  the 'rari sit in park , on addy on mars  shotgun shells, we gon' always hit the target  popcorn, big shell poppin' out the cartridge  3400 nawfside, charles barkley  4-8-8, ferrari  make her get on top of me and ride me like a harley  she wanna keep me company and never wan' depart me, depart me  yeah, fishtail in the parking lot  i don't kick it with these niggas 'cause they talk about ya  yeah, and i got the fire, don't make me spark it out ya  yeah, keep it in my back pocket like it's a wallet  like the way she suck it, suck it like a jolly  stack it up and put it with the whole project  and she got that patek on water moccasin  i'm rich in real life, i get that profit, copy  , she can get a taste , let you get a taste , do you love the taste? yeah, that's cool, but he ain't like me , la, you can get a taste , miami, you can get a taste , oakland, you can get a taste , new york, do you love the taste? , chi-town, you can get a taste , houston, you can get a taste , ayy, portland, you can get a taste , overseas, let them bitches taste , she can get a taste , she can get a taste , do you love the taste? , worldwide, they gon' get a taste