hello, everyone, this is your action news reporter with all the news that is news across the nation, on the scene at the supermarket. there seems to have been some disturbance here. pardon me, sir, did you see what happened? yeah, i did. i's standin' overe there by the tomaters, and here he come, running through the pole beans, through the fruits and vegetables , nekkid as a jay bird . and i hollered over to ethel, i said, don't look, ethel!  but it's too late, she'd already been incensed  boogity, boogity  boogity, boogity  oh, yes, they call him the streak  fastest thing on two feet  he's just as proud as he can be of his anatomy he gon' give us a peek oh, yes, they call him the streak  he likes to show off his physique  if there's an audience to be found, he'll be streakin' around invitin' public critique this is your action news reporter once again, and we're here at the gas station. pardon me, sir, did you see what happened? yeah, i did. i's just in here gettin my tires checked, he just appeared out of the traffic. come streakin' around the grease rack there, didn't have nothin' on but a smile! i looked in there, and ethel was gettin' her a cold drink. i hollered, don't look, ethel! but it was too late. she'd already been mooned. flashed her right there in front of the shock absorbers .  boogity, boogity  boogity, boogity  oh, yes, they call him the streak  he likes to turn the other cheek  he's always makin' the news, wearin' just his tennis shoes guess you could call him unique once again, your action news reporter in the booth at the gym, covering the disturbance at the basketball playoff. pardon me, sir, did you see what happened? yeah, i did. halftime, i's just goin' down thar to get ethel a snow cone. and here he come, right out of the cheap seats, dribbling, right down the middle of the court . didn't have on nothing but his pf's . made a hook shot and got out through the concessions stand. i hollered up at ethel, i said, don't look, ethel! but it was too late. she'd already got a free shot . grandstanded her, right there in front of the home team oh, yes, they call him the streak   the fastest thing on two feet   he's just as proud as he can be of his anatomy  he's gonna give us a peek  oh, yes, they call him the streak   he likes to show off his physique   if there's an audience to be found, he'll be streakin' around invitin' public critique  oh, yes, they call him the streak   the fastest thing on two feet