here they come, yo, here they come here they come, yo, here they come this , this  this , this  this , this  this , this  who's the black sheep? what's the black sheep? know not who i am, or when i'm comin', so you sleep was it in your room, or was it in your sphere? knew not who i was, but listen here dres, d-r-e-s, yes i get suckers start if it's all right with you, i'll rip this here one apart back, middle, to the front, don't front wanna good time? gonna give you what you want can i hear a hey?  now get a yo  you got a hey?  it's for the hoes  the styling is creative, black sheep of the native can't be violated, or even decepticated i got brothers in the jungle, cousins on the quest dead, retarded uncles, in peace porridge may they rest guess, which way, what, when, how mista lawnge, dres, black sheep slam now know you've heard the others, phonies to the lovers then of course, the choice is yours you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that i think you'll get with this, for this is where it's at you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that i think you'll get with this, for this is, kinda, kinda phat where's the black sheep? here's the black sheep even if we wanted to, the flock could not be weak watch me swing like this, why should i swing it like that? because, in fact, on me, it might not attract therefore, i ignore, do as i feel inside i live with me, i've got my back tonight y'know what i'm sayin'? yo, black, i'm not playin' need to go with this or go with this with no delaying see, in actuality, one day can it be i made it look easy because it is to me anytime capacity was filled, try to rock it anytime a honey gave us play, tried to knock it never was a fool, so we finished school never see us sweat and you'll never see us drool out to rock the globe while it's still here to rock don't punch girls and we don't punch a clock gotta go, gotta go, see you later by the cat and you can't beat that with a bat you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that i think you'll get with this, for this is where it's at you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that i think you'll get with this, for this is kinda phat engine, engine, number nine on the new york transit line if my train goes off the track pick it up, pick it up, pick it up back on the scene crispy and clean you can try, but then why? 'cause you can't intervene we be the outcast down for the settle won't play the rock won't play the pebble open the door, you best believe we're slidin' through it swiftly niftly we can make it hip to be what we are 'cause what we be be the epitome doo-dah-dipity so now i dwell just to say your plainer hold your cup 'cause i got the container pass a plate-a cross the fader black sheep get played like the sony innovator never the traitor party of later and you can get a scoop, later