you already know what it is  we got another one boy  just throw it in the bag what's up brooklyn? what's up son? what's up fabo? ayy, man , i got that black amex with me a.k.a. that throw it in the bag card radio killa  now i know you ain't over there staring at my girl yeah, i know you ain't over there staring at my girl nigga, i know you don't call yourself hollering at my girl now i know you don't call yourself hollering at my girl i keep her in louboutin, louis vuitton gucci down to her feet, yup, just like me i'm the one, with them ones fuck the price on the tag, just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh  just throw it in the bag  uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh  just throw it in the bag look at price tags, where they do that at? heard that in a-t-l, when i'm in a-t-l just ask my baby gal, i treat that lady well ain't nothing so-so, and i know j.d. well a couple benzes, black, white, gray c.l got niggas looking like, did we miss a mercedes sale? don't wonder what i do, just know they pay me well they keep that gucci and that louis on my labi-el's that's the way we feel -- must be nice, man you with the right man, you ain't gotta price scan or ask how much, now what i look like? son, i'm from brooklyn -- what it look like? you get it 'cause i got it, i got it, so you get it in miami they say, don't stop, get it, get it mami do the speedy, daddy do the duffle bag full of chips, we ain't talking ruffles uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag see, i know what i'ma tell her the same thing that the bank robber told the teller just throw it in the bag that's the way it supposed to be a real nigga 'posed to help you out with the groceries just throw it in the bag paper or plastic, it's safer to ask it so dead that nigga, i will pay for the casket that remy mar' got him spitting plenty bars broke ass nigga, couldn't buy the mini bar so get with loso, he ain't got to know so such a gentleman, dozen bottles of that rose mo' oh you got a man? well, you need a richer one meet me in the parking lot, the plates say get u 1 meet me at the register, i'm there on the regular them niggas price checking, you can help them in a second as we proceed to give you what you need like we breaking down the weed, shorty, throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag everybody do the throw it in the bag ayy, throw it in the bag everybody do the throw it in the bag ayy, throw it in the bag everybody do the throw it in the bag ayy, throw it in the bag everybody do the throw it in the bag ayy, throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh just throw it in the bag