yeahhh     but she ain't gon' tie me down  nah  but she ain't gon' tie me down  she ain't gon' tie me down, while you on the road buying all the shirts, all the hats, all the clothes what'chu want right now? whattup right now? i think you need to close your mouth cause you ain't gon' tie me down tie me down, tie me down, you ain't gon' tie me down... you ain't gon' tie me down ayyy, know we been together for a minute but uh, its kinda been forever since we been in the kinda situation not involvin other women and it's pretty obvious that your kinda trippin like who the hell is this bitch? lookin a hot mess, what you fell for this chick? you know we got problems and you failed to fix it i'm like you need to go somewhere else with this shit because, i ain't gon' put up wit'chu talkin 'bout how she make you uncomfortable like i mean, shit i'm only 17 and um a perfect couple is only in a dream and right now i'm pretty much away for this relationships? i think you should wait for it i mean later we could try things out but not right now she ain't gon' tie me down, while you on the road buying all the shirts, all the hats, all the clothes what'chu want right now? whattup right now? i think you need to close your mouth cause you ain't gon' tie me down tie me down, tie me down, you ain't gon' tie me down... you ain't gon' tie me down ha ha, yeah, look ay girl whattup? no i'm not gon' make a scene but you can't tie me down like a pair of shoestrings yeah you cute, so what? girl let's get it through your head yeah we make love, sex, weed all in the bed it's the best that i ever.. but things gon' change when i'm not faithful, you be feelin all pain now you stuck like a stain and i can't believe that baby girl 100, i ain't tryin to do that got so many girls and i ain't lettin go cause my life is great, and you ain't nothin but a ho yeah you come to my shows and you very supportive just show me a camera and my show recorded it was nice, but i'm suprised that you still standin here as you know, i'm a man, and i have no fear i'mma start it from the top, girl this ain't no lovin i'm a new boy girl so she ain't gon' tie me down, while you on the road buying all the shirts, all the hats, all the clothes what'chu want right now? whattup right now? i think you need to close your mouth cause you ain't gon' tie me down tie me down, tie me down, you ain't gon' tie me down... you ain't gon' tie me down she ain't gon' tie me down, while you on the road buying all the shirts, all the hats, all the clothes what'chu want right now? whattup right now? i think you need to close your mouth cause you ain't gon' tie me down tie me down, tie me down, you ain't gon' tie me down... you ain't gon' tie me down