uh zero it's los and this is to you.. yeah yo, a real g told me talk cheap so i just shut my mouth and let my heart speak please excuse me if my thoughts deep but i can feel your rhythm inside me like a heart beat and my last couple years been so sad i just write and shed the tears on my notepad i know the devil feel a way for me that's why i be textin you like baby just pray for me and success'll be my greatest cost cuz i feel god blessed me through my greatest loss and they can hate me but they don't know what my story is i been thru everything, baby, i know what glory is how you love me is so glorious that i'm willin to go to war for this i can't back down now, i'm too in so i'm bound to your love - you win and when my spirit's down, you lift it up so there's ciroc in my cup, and i do give a fuck haha, but it's only on this one though every time i see you wan' kiss you, no mistletoe and i picked the perfect time to steal this clever quote but this the realest shit a nigga ever wrote despite the fame and the glam i wanna lay on the beach and write our names in the sand and when life's stressin me out you got me speechless, you are my destiny's child i guess you could say this my confession so i only got one question.. i was wonderin' maybe could i make you my baby? if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy? if you ask me, i'm ready if you ask me, i'm ready uh, yeah i'm too focused, baby, nevermind a few freaks girl, i love you like new sneaks from boutiques i'm tryinta put a hundred k on your watchband then send you to thailand with a yacht tan go to war for your heart, i'm your rambo ain't no sucka for love, i'm just sayin' tho when it's this real, i hope it take a while i hope my first verse made you cry, and this one make you smile i never flake, never fake, never switch on you you my star, baby i could make a wish on you i'll probly never get past this i'm still livin in the moments of ya last kiss you my queen, you my everything royal so on everything, baby i adore you just know it been a tough road but i'm lovin our story as it unfolds when we hug it feels like one soul and when we touch my heart beats like a drum roll i care about you so much i'm embarrassed you inspired me to be the best there is and you're essential to me like air is maybe one day our child can be the heiress king and queen with a house full and whoever don't believe us, they just need to doubt more cuz i already made my fuckin mind up that i'm down to stay down til time's up you could say this my confession so i only got one question.. i was wonderin' maybe could i make you my baby? if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy? if you ask me, i'm ready if you ask me, i'm ready yeah, yeah, see why give up before we try feel the lows before the highs clip our wings before we fly away? i can't say i came prepared i'm suspended in the air won't you come be in the sky with me? i was wonderin' maybe could i make you my baby? if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy? or would it be so beautiful? either way i'm sayin.. if you ask me, i'm ready if you ask me, i'm ready