i never felt nothing in the world like this before  now i'm missing you, and i'm wishing you would come back through my door  ooh, why did you have to go?  you could have let me know  so now, i'm all alone  girl, you could have stayed, but you wouldn't give me a chance  with you not around, it's a little bit more than i can stand  ooh, and all my tears, they , keep runnin' down my face  why did you turn away? so why does your pride make you run and hide? are you that afraid of me? but i know it's a lie, what you keep inside this is not how you want it to be so, baby, i will wait for you 'cause i don't know what else i can do don't tell me i ran out of time if it takes the rest of my life baby, i will wait for you if you think i'm fine, it just ain't true i really need you in my life no matter what i have to do, i'll wait for you been a long time since you called me  you gotta be feeling crazy  ooh, how can you walk away?  everything stays the same  i just can't do it, baby  what will it take to make you come back?  girl, i told you what it is, and it just ain't like that , no, oh why can't you look at me?  you're still in love with me  don't leave me crying baby, why can't we just, just start over again? get it back to the way it was? if you give me a chance, i can love you right but you're telling me it won't be enough so, baby, i will wait for you 'cause i don't know what else i can do don't tell me i ran out of time if it takes the rest of my life baby, i will wait for you if you think i'm fine, it just ain't true i really need you in my life no matter what i have to do, i'll wait for you so why does your pride make you run and hide? are you that afraid of me? but i know it's a lie, what you're keeping inside this is not how you want it to be baby, i will wait for you , ooh baby, i will wait for you, if it's the last thing i do  baby, i will wait for you 'cause i don't know what else i can do don't tell me i ran out of time if it takes the rest of my life baby, i will wait for you if you think i'm fine, it just ain't true i really need you in my life no matter what i have to do, i'll wait for you i'll be waiting