uh mmm, yeah la-la-la-la-la-ah  uh hey, boy, you never had much game thought i needed to upgrade so i went and walked away-way-way  now i seen you've been hangin' out with that other girl in town lookin' like a pair of clowns, clowns, clowns  remember all the things that you and i did first? and now you're doin' them with her remember all the things that you and i did first? you got me, got me like this  and now you're takin' her to every restaurant? and everywhere we went, come on and now you're takin' her to every restaurant? you got me, got me like this  boy, you can say anythin' you wanna i don't give a shh, no one else can have ya i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back  i broke it off thinkin' you'd be cryin' now i feel like shh lookin' at you flyin' i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back  please, this ain't even jealousy  she ain't got a thing on me  tryna rock them ugly, jeans, jeans, jeans  you clearly didn't think this through  if what i've been told is true  you'll be crawlin' back like, boo-hoo-hoo  remember all the things that you and i did first?  and now you're doin' them with her  remember all the things that you and i did first? you got me, got me like this  and now you're takin' her to every restaurant?  and everywhere we went, come on and now you're takin' her to every restaurant? you got me, got me like this  boy, you can say anythin' you wanna i don't give a shh, no one else can have ya i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back  i broke it off thinkin' you'd be cryin' now i feel like shh lookin' at you flyin' i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back  ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh i thought you'd still be mine when i kissed you goodbye, uh-oh, uh-oh ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh and you might be with her but i still had you first, uh-oh, uh-oh yeah, yeah yo remember all the things that you and i did first? and now you're doin' them with her remember all the things that you and i did first? you got me, got me like this  boy, you can say anythin' you wanna i don't give a shh, no one else can have ya  i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back  i broke it off thinkin' you'd be cryin' now i feel like shh lookin' at you flyin' i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back   la-la-la-la-la i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back, yeah , yeah  ha, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha i want you back, i want you back wan-want you, want you back  do i sound like a helicopter? brrr