in my dreams i steer my car from the backseat reach over the front like is this seat taken? thought i saw you stranded with me know i saw you, sight was abrasive wake up and my real life so-so lose shit all the time, where my phone go? hold this hate in my heart for no one couldve sworn things were back to normal whats normal? who are you asking? want it done right? dont hire a hack, then things have gotten better since back then even if its only by a fraction this denim gets soaked in the rain mak peace with the sourc of the pain had to me tied to the tracks of the train big head like mensis brain dont think too hard, okay? we can get it done, today if im in the right mood, okay? just out of my hands some days i got all this fucking hair in my face was it worth it, or was it a waste? lifes worth it, whatever it takes woah, maybe, pause, play i sit with my feelings, for real, that shit is a challenge how do you do it? i manage once i was metal, im stone and i'm always brandon i sit at the table of dealings and dealing damage go back and forth with my baggage not always all-you-can-eat sometimes it's all-you-can-scavenge stoneman and tropes, tropesman im in my zone, zoneman im peaceful, look, ma, no hands eyerok, shifting sand lands you really gotta get with this program take a hint if you see a bad omen xx years old, numerals, roman life last least a lifetime, heres hoping no face, no eyes, no recollection two big, prying eyes focused on a section why you down? don't cry, drug supply is high take 'em down, but take no life, i got more to die in the front i scream from the back door and i come from the place that you ask for make his head holy, no pastor  you need a star charm for this car bomb, and it roll out luck on your side for the hand, final showdown keep that same energy when you pull up to my show to kill me but the show is sold out one, its automatic two, youre just more dramatic, ya yeah, you problematic, talking shit, it's tv static one, yeah, no one likes you two, it comes back to bite you but it ain't your right to come and pass yeah, what, you wack  i sit with my feelings, for real, that shit is a challenge how do you do it? i manage once i was metal, im stone and i'm always brandon i sit at the table of dealings and dealing damage go back and forth with my baggage not always all-you-can-eat sometimes it's all-you-can-scavenge