yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy what you know about that? what you know about that? what you know about that? ayy, don't you know i got ki's by the three when i chirp, shawty chirp back louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at what you know about that? what you know about that? what you know about that? hey, i know all about that loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at? fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at what you know about that? what you know about that? what you know about that? hey, i know all about that see me in your city, sitting pretty, know i'm shining dog  riding with a couple latin broads and a china doll  and you know how we ball , riding in shiny cars  walk in designer malls , buy everything we saw you know about me, dog , don't talk about me, dog  and if you doubt me, dog , you better out me, dog  i'm throwed off slightly, bruh, don't wanna fight me, bruh  i'm fast as lightning, bruh  you better use your nikes, bruh  know you don't like me 'cause  your bitch most likely does  she see me on them dubs  in front of every club  i be on dro, i'm buzzed  gave every ho a hug  niggas don't show me mugs  'cause you don't know me, cuzz ayy, don't you know i got kis by the three when i chirp, shawty chirp back louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at what you know about that? what you know about that? what you know about that? hey, i know all about that loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at? fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at what you know about that? what you know about that?  what you know about that? hey, i know all about that candy on the six-four, leather guts, fishbowl  fifty on a pinky ring just to make my fist glow  young bitches get low  because i get dough  so what i'm rich, ho?  i still will pull a kick-door what you talking shit for and gotta run and get folks? got you all yelling, i thought you'd pull out a gun and hit four but you's a scary dude, believed by very few  just keep it very cool  or we will bury you  see, all that attitude?  unnecessary, dude  you never carry tools, not even square, he cube  you got these people fooled  who see me on the tube  whatever, try the crew  they'll see you on the news ayy, don't you know i got kis by the three  when i chirp, shawty chirp back louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at  what you know about that?  what you know about that?  what you know about that?  hey, i know all about that  loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?  fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at  what you know about that?  what you know about that?  what you know about that?  hey, i know all about that  fresh off the jet to the block burnin' rubber with the top popped  partna bustin' shots, i tell 'em, stop, it make the block hot  your label got got  'cause you are not hot  i got the top spot  and it will not stop  hey, video or not, doc, we'll bust it 'til the glock stop drag ya out that bentley coupe and take it to the chop shop  partner, we not y'all  if it may pop off, i'll answer the question  will i get your block knocked off?  this what it is, bruh  look, i will kill, bruh  i'm in your hood  if you a gangsta, what you hid for? somebody better get bruh 'fore he get sent for say you wanna squash it  what you still talking shit for? don't you know i got kis by the three when i chirp, shawty chirp back louie knapsack where i'm holding all the work at what you know about that? what you know about that? what you know about that? hey, i know all about that loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at? fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the g's at what you know about that? what you know about that? what you know about that? hey, i know all about that