you always wanted a lover i only wanted a job i've always worked for my living how am i gonna get through? how am i gonna get through? i come here looking for money got to have it and end up living with love, oh, oh now you left me with nothing can't take it how am i gonna get through? how am i gonna get through? i bought you drinks, i brought you flowers i read your books and talked for hours every day, so many drinks such pretty flowers, so tell me what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i since you went away, i've been hanging around i've been wondering why i'm feeling down you went away, it should make me feel better but i don't know, oh how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? you always wanted me to be something i wasn't you always wanted too much, oh, oh now i can do what i want to, forever how am i gonna get through? how am i gonna get through? at night, the people come and go they talk too fast and walk too slow chasing time from hour to hour i pour the drinks and crush the flowers what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i since you went away, i've been hanging around i've been wondering why i'm feeling down you went away, it should make me feel better but i don't know, oh how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? baby how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? baby how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? baby how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? tell me how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? baby how i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? yeah i'm gonna get through i'm gonna get through what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? i'm gonna get through, right? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? we don't have to fall apart, we don't have to fight what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? we don't need to go to hell and back every night what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? we can make a deal what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? we don't have to fall apart, we don't have to fight what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? we don't need to go to hell and back every night what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this? what have i, what have i, what have i done to deserve this?