oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name?  what's my name? what's my name?  i heard you good with them soft lips yeah, you know, word of mouth the square root of sixty-nine is eight somethin', right? 'cause i've been tryna work it out, oh good weed, white wine, uh i come alive in the night time, yeah okay, away we go only thing we have on is the radio let it play say you gotta leave, but i know you wanna stay you just waitin' on the traffic jam to finish, girl the things that we could do in twenty minutes, girl say my name, say my name, wear it out it's gettin' hot, crack a window, air it out i can get you through a mighty long day soon as you go, the text that i write is gon' say oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? what's my name? what's my name? not everybody knows how to work my body knows how to make me want it but, boy, you stay up on it you got that somethin' that keeps me so off balance baby, you're a challenge let's explore your talent hey, boy, i really wanna see if you can go downtown with a girl like me hey, boy, i really wanna be with you 'cause you just my type ooh, na, na, na, na i need a boy to take it over lookin' for a guy to put in work oh woah, oh woah hey, boy, i really wanna see if you can go downtown with a girl like me hey, boy, i really wanna be with you 'cause you just my type ooh, na, na, na, na i need a boy to take it over lookin' for a guy to put in work oh woah, oh woah oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? what's my name? what's my name? baby, you got me and ain't nowhere that i'd be than with your arms around me back and forth, you rock me, yeah so i surrender to every word you whisper every door you enter i will let you in hey, boy, i really wanna see if you can go downtown with a girl like me hey, boy, i really wanna be with you 'cause you just my type ooh, na, na, na, na i need a boy to take it over lookin' for a guy to put in work oh woah, oh woah you're so amazing you took the time to figure me out that's why you take me way past the point of turnin' me on you 'bout to break me i swear you got me losin' my mind oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? oh na-na, what's my name? what's my name? what's my name? hey, boy, i really wanna see if you can go downtown with a girl like me hey, boy, i really wanna be with you 'cause you just my type ooh, na, na, na, na i need a boy to take it over lookin' for a guy to put in work oh woah, oh woah hey, boy, i really wanna see if you can go downtown with a girl like me hey, boy, i really wanna be with you 'cause you just my type ooh, na, na, na, na i need a boy to take it over lookin' for a guy to put in work oh woah, oh woah