intro imogen heap, j.r. rotem  wha-wha-wha-wha-what did she say?  chorus imogen heap  jason derulo  mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well? well, of course, you did mm, whatcha say?  mm, that it's all for the best? of course, it is i  was so wrong  for so long  only tryna please myself  girl, i  was caught up  in her lust  when i don't really want no one else, so no i know i shoulda treated you better but me and you were meant to last forever so let me in  give me another chance  to really be your man  'cause when the roof caved in and the truth came out i just didn't know what to do but when i become a star, we'll be livin' so large i'll do anything for you so tell me, girl chorus imogen heap  jason derulo  mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well? well, of course, you did mm, whatcha say?  mm, that it's all for the best? of course, it is mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well? well, of course, you did mm, whatcha say?  wha-wha-wha-wha-what did she say? how  could i live  with myself  knowin' that i let our love go?  and ooh , what i'd do  with one chance  i just gotta let you know i know what i did wasn't clever but me and you we're meant to be together so let me in  give me another chance  to really be your man  'cause when the roof caved in and the truth came out i just didn't know what to do but when i become a star, we'll be livin' so large i'll do anything for you so tell me, girl chorus imogen heap  jason derulo  mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well? well, of course, you did mm, whatcha say?  mm, that it's all for the best? of course, it is mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well? well, of course, you did mm, whatcha say?  wha-wha-wha-wha-what did she say? girl, tell me what you say, i  i don't want you to leave me, though you caught me cheatin' tell me, tell me what you say, i  i really need you in my life 'cause things ain't right, girl tell me, tell me what you say, i  i don't want you to leave me, though you caught me cheatin' tell me, tell me what you say, i  i really need you in my life 'cause things ain't right  'cause when the roof caved in and the truth came out i just didn't know what to do  but when i become a star, we'll be livin' so large i'll do anything for you so, baby, what you say? chorus imogen heap  jason derulo  mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well? well, of course, you did  mm, whatcha say?  mm, that it's all for the best? of course, it is  mm, whatcha say? oh, that you only meant well?  well, of course, you did  mm, whatcha say?  wha-wha-wha-wha-what did she say?