banger oh yeah, i'm finna make a banger with this one last time you told me you proud of me, you wasn't proud of me, you was the nigga who doubted me i was too mad at you, you let 'em come kill you, my brother, that shit was a tragedy but magically, i got the strategy, i was so sick and tired of niggas keep asking me who was the killers between the hood?  bro, i'm a king, that mean we good talked to my tete about my problems learned to survive, i carry my chopper before i was twelve, i went to the doctor fucked on a stripper and i took me a roxy how you my blood and you say you gon' pop me? fall over loyalty, never 'bout thotties don't mention my name if you mentionin' bodies don't mention my name if you mentionin' bodies stopped taking drugs, had to sit in a sauna how you gon' blame me? i gave her gabbana bitch, i'm a star, gotta use condom don't drink par, only like wocka sippin' on wocka, i feel like i'm flocka shit in my pocket, that shit'll go blocka say that i'm mean, what you mean? i caught you get away from her, high speed, no tossin' called you a bitch, i'm sorry i lost you head down, x pill, percocet, off it bitch, my phone died, pass me a charger ain't have a coat, walked to school in a thermal bitches you lookin' up to, they'll burn you get out my business, that shit don't concern you i get to diggin' this shit when i learn you i love the trenches, this shit is eternal oh my god, what happened to virgil? i wish my brother had made it out surgery i be up thinkin', that shit do be hurtin' me if they gon' catch me, them niggas gon' murder me  gave my bro twenty, he caught for a burglary i love the bitches who say they ain't heard of me ever seen blood? that shit'll turn burgundy oh my god, what happened to virgil? oh my god, what happened to virgil? fresh like the first day of school, i'm a scholar found the solution and got some more problems we from the sandbox, my dawg since a toddler sixteen years old when i shot my first chopper flew out of van nuys, landed in opa-locka quit flyin' in g5, fly helicopters  i count every blessin', they count every dollar i'm 'bout to go factory plain i treat all of my dawgs the same take care all of my bitches the same i just hope you financially sane never turning my back on the gang from the a, we was taught to be brave had to squabble and take a few fades stay rock solid, you'll get through the phase damn my nigga, what happened to virgil? talked to god, i don't wanna get murdered i got style, i don't know what you heard of you lil' pussy, you soft and fertile only real ones throughout my circle only real ones throughout my circle, oh r.i.p. prince, i'ma pour up some purple 600 maybach, the one with the curtain young gunnawunna, the boy bought the birkin i'm goin' hard, know you proud of me workin' ridin' round the town sippin' and swervin' hold it down, do this shit with a purpose louis down, man, this shit came from virgil oh my god, what happened to virgil? oh my god, what happened to virgil? oh my god, what happened to virgil?