what it is, ho? what's up? every good girl needs a little thug every block boy needs a little love if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up, up can't you just see, it's just me and you? panoramic view, that's my point of view, bae all about me, that's the energy that's that lemon pepper thing, i'm a ten-piece, baby bedroom bully in the bando he gon' make it flip, do it with no handles never switchin' sides, only switchin' angles ooh, we go crazy like rambo what it is, ho?  what's up?  every good girl needs a little thug  every block boy needs a little love  if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up , up  what it is, ho?  what's up?  every good girl needs a little thug  every block boy needs a little love  if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up , up  hit 'em up, hit 'em up in the truck, got it tucked he get it up, like it's stuck all night, i like you ain't gotta say it when you know it's on site she got everything he wanted, a nice body, ass fat behind every gangster, a shawty solid that got his back he know who to come to every-time the world handlin' him bad the one he call first, but still he always put her last  i'm pourin' out this glass, my body fightin' off that gas  i don't smoke opps, i kill 'em, that zaza pack kickin' my ass  in the studio dosin', all i can keep from falling asleep i hate that for you niggas ain't got no bread, but trying to beef bein' black in america, is the hardest thing to be  every thug need a lil' love too, baby, how 'bout me? told her, don't call me a stink 'cause i smell like money i putting down the greatest babe, hold this here for me i took her from a nigga, we vibin', two weeks out of the country so she had a lil' situation, but i could tell it ain't 'bout nothin' now me and her rappin', bitch she say, don't hush me, i say, don't rush me and i can tell how much she like a nigga by the way she suck it ho, what it is? what it is, ho?  what's up?  every good girl needs a little thug  every block boy needs a little love  if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up , up  what it is, ho?  what's up?  every good girl needs a little thug  every block boy needs a little love  if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up , up  i don't care if you run the streets long as you're comin' home to me i love the way you walk and the way you speak he gon' keep it real, that's the deal, that's the reason that i speed down, down  i put that all on my name  yeah, that's an even exchange  stay on your deal, we gon' tell 'em, we gon' tell 'em what, babe what it is, ho?  what's up? every good girl needs a little thug  every block boy needs a little love  if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up, up what it is, ho? what's up? every good girl needs a little thug  every block boy needs a little love  if you put it down, i'ma pick it up, up , up  back it up and do, and do it like that, yeah  back it up and do it like that, yeah  back it up, back it and do it like that, yeah back it up gon' and do it like that, yeah  hey, what it is? hey, what's up? j. white did it  more is on the way  we need a lil' love, you know what i mean?  ride out, woah