ayy, woah ayy, ayy yeah i'm makin' a change today the liquor been takin' the pain away i heard you was givin' your chain away that's kinda like givin' your fame away what's wrong with you? i sit in a box where the owners do a boss is a role that i've grown into i love you to death but i told you the truth i can't just be with you and only you yeah, i got one, virgil got one and that there is the only two man, how many times have i shown improvement? how many nights i been? woah swervin' them potholes not tryna fuck up the wheels on the road, okay funny how life goes he thought he was sick, now he wipin' his nose, okay soon as you give 'em your soul you blow up and they say you're sllin' your soul, okay they want my life exposd they wanna know about the highs and lows well, summer, all i did was rest, okay? and new year's, all i did was stretch, okay? and valentine's day, i had sex, okay? we'll see what's 'bout to happen next okay? okay? okay? we'll see what's 'bout to happen next okay? okay? okay? we'll see what's 'bout to happen, ayy, ayy we'll see what's 'bout to happen, ayy we'll see what's 'bout to happen i'm makin' a change today the liquor been takin' the pain away i heard you was givin' your chain away that's kinda like givin' your fame away what's wrong with you? i sit in a box where the owners do a boss is a role that i've grown into i love you to death but i told you the truth i ayy, yeah i got one, laurie got one and that there is the only two man, how many times have i told you the truth? man, how many nights i been? woah swervin' them potholes not tryna fuck up the wheels or fuck up the deals i'm posted in stockholm it's me, the owls and the twins, it's only the real i'm movin' way too humble weezy had handed it off, i still got no fumbles i'm on the hot one hundo, numero uno this one ain't come with a bundle i'm in the wynn, a million in chocolate chips and that's just how my cookie crumble i put a skirt on a whip and a crown on the six but there's no need to dress up the numbers ayy, ayy, yeah but i guess they must have they reasons they wanna know how i'm livin' my day-to-day life in the regular season well, summer, all i did was rest, okay? and new year's, all i did was stretch, okay? and valentine's day, i had sex, okay? we'll see what's 'bout to happen next okay? okay? okay? we'll see what's 'bout to happen next okay? okay? okay? we'll see what's 'bout to happen, ayy, ayy we'll see what's 'bout to happen, ayy we'll see what's 'bout to happen i'm makin' a change today the liquor been takin' the pain away i heard you was givin' your chain away that's kinda like givin' your fame away what's wrong with you? i sit in a box where the owners do a boss is a role that i've grown into i love you to death but i told you the truth i