hey, girl is he everything you wanted in a man? you know i gave you the world you had me in the palm of your hand so why your love went away? i just can't seem to understand thought it was me and you, baby me and you until the end, but i guess i was wrong, uh don't wanna think about it  don't wanna talk about it  i'm just so sick about it can't believe it's endin' this way just so confused about it  feelin' the blues about it  i just can't do without ya tell me, is this fair? is this the way it's really goin' down? is this how we say goodbye? should've known better when you came around that you were gonna make me cry it's breakin' my heart to watch you run around 'cause i know that you're livin' a lie but that's okay, baby, 'cause in time, you will find what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around, yeah now, girl i remember everything that you claimed you said that you were movin' on now  and maybe i should do the same  the funny thing about that is i was ready to give you my name thought it was me and you, baby and now, it's all just a shame and i guess i was wrong, uh don't wanna think about it  don't wanna talk about it  i'm just so sick about it can't believe it's endin' this way just so confused about it  feelin' the blues about it  i just can't do without ya can you tell me, is this fair? is this the way it's really goin' down? is this how we say goodbye?  should've known better when you came around should've known better that you were gonna make me cry and now it's breakin' my heart to watch you run around 'cause i know that you're livin' a lie that's okay, baby, 'cause in time, you will find what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around, yeah what goes around comes around yeah what goes around comes around you should know that what goes around comes around yeah what goes around comes around you should know that  don't wanna think about it  don't wanna talk about it  i'm just so sick about it can't believe it's endin' this way just so confused about it  feelin' the blues about it  i just can't do without ya tell me, is this fair? is this the way it's really goin' down? is this how we say goodbye?  should've known better when you came around should've known better that you were gonna make me cry it's breakin' my heart to watch you run around  'cause i know that you're livin' a lie but that's okay, baby, 'cause in time, you will find what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around  what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around  what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around  what goes around, goes around, goes around comes all the way back around, yeah, baby  let me paint this picture for you, baby  uh, you spend your nights alone and he never comes home and every time you call him, all you get's a busy tone i heard you found out that he's doin' to you what you did to me, ain't that the way it goes? when you cheated, girl, my heart bleeded, girl so it goes without sayin' that you left me feelin' hurt just a classic case, a scenario tale as old as time, girl, you got what you deserved and now you want somebody  to cure the lonely nights  you wish you had somebody  that could come and make it right  but girl, i ain't somebody  with a lot of sympathy  you'll see what goes around comes back around i thought i told you, hey what goes around comes back around i thought i told you, hey what goes around comes back around i thought i told you, hey what goes around comes back around i thought i told you, hey take it to 'em, hey  hahahaha  see?  you should've listened to me, baby   hey, hey, hey, hey  hey, hey, hey, hey  hey   what goes around comes back around hahahaha oh, oh mm, oh mm, uh