so many girls in here, where do i begin?  i seen this one, i'm 'bout to go in  then she said, i'm here with my friends  she got me thinkin', and that's when i said where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  so go get them, we can all be friends  hey, bring it on, baby, all your friends, you're the shit and i love that body  you wanna ball explicit, i swear you're good, i won't tell nobody  you got a bff, i wanna see that girl, it's all women invited  hairdos and nails, that louis, chanel all up in the party  presidents in my wallet  no rules, i'm 'bout it  blow the whistle for the hotties  i got it, shawty, it's never too much, can't be doing too much ten to one of me, i can handle that love bottles in my reach, we can all get buzzed holla 'cause i'm free 'til whenever, it's no rush so many boys in here, where do i begin?  i see this one, i'm 'bout to go in  then he said, i'm here with my friends  he got to thinkin', and that's when he said where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  so go get them, we can all be friends   peebee, peebee, who's peabo bryson? two years ago, i renewed my license anyway, why'd i start my verse like that? you can suck a dick, or you can suck on a ballsack no, no, i don't endorse that pause that, abort that just the other day mi go a london, saw dat kids inna di street, paparazzi, all that hey, hey, what can i say? day, d-d-day, d-day, d-day, day comin' through the club, all the girls in the back of me this ain't football, why the fuck they tryna tackle me? really, i peeped dude at the bar like really lookin' like he want a good time like really said he had got a friend for my home girl lily, lily, lily, lily so many girls in here, where do i begin?  i seen this one, i'm bout to go in  then she said, i'm here with my friends  she got me thinking, and that's when i said where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  so go get them, we can all be friends day, day, day-d-day-day day-d-d-day, d-day-d-day-day day, day, day-d-day-day day-d-d-day, d-day-d-day-day yo, where my girls at, girls, g-g-girls? yo, where my girls at tryna g-get to jumpin', jumpin', jumpin'? so many girls in here, where do i begin?  i seen this one, i'm bout to go in  then she said, i'm here with my friends  she got me thinking, and that's when i said where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  where them girls at, girls at?  so go get them, we can all be friends