i spent twenty years tryin' to get out of this place i was lookin' for something i couldn't replace i was runnin' away from the only thing i've ever known like a blind dog without a bone i was a gypsy lost in the twilight zone i hijacked a rainbow and crashed into a pot of gold i been there, done that now i ain't looking back on the seeds i've sown savin' dimes, spendin' too much time on the telephone who says you can't go home? who says you can't go home? there's only one place they call me one of their own just a hometown boy, born a rollin' stone who says you can't go home? who says you can't go back? been all around the world and as a matter of fact there's only one place left i wanna go who says you can't go home? it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright i went as far as i could, i tried to find a new face there isn't one of these lines that i would erase i've lived a million miles of memories on that road with every step i take, i know that i'm not alone you take the home from the boy, but not the boy from his home these are my streets, the only life i've ever known who says you can't go home? who says you can't go home? there's only one place they call me one of their own just a hometown boy, born a rollin' stone who says you can't go home? who says you can't go back? been all around the world and as a matter of fact there's only one place left i wanna go who says you can't go home? it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright who says you can't go home? it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright who says you can't go home? i been there, done that now i ain't looking back it's been a long, long road feels like i never left, that's how the story goes it doesn't matter where you are, it doesn't matter where you go if it's a million miles away or just a mile up the road take it in, take it with you when you go who says you can't go home? who says you can't go home? there's only one place they call me one of their own just a hometown boy, born a rollin' stone who says you can't go home? who says you can't go back? been all around the world and as a matter of fact there's only one place left i wanna go who says you can't go home? it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright who says you can't go home? it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright who says you can't go home? it's alright, it's alright, it's alright it's alright, it's alright who says you can't go home?