whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family back again, the addams family new baby in the house makes three wednesday, pugsley, lurch, you ring it fester, grandmama, and thing wait, can't forget cousin itt tag team raps another party hit it's the addams family movie thing gomez, morticia, come on, sing whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family let me tell you, it's the a-d-d-a-m-s the addams family, y'all, yes, yes they're creepy, kooky, mysterious, spooky as loony as can be when you see the movie it goes on and on, the madness won't stop tick to the tock around the clock tag team kicks the floor, really, though with the addams family, so here we go whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! family whoomp! family, whoa whoomp! family, whoa the addams family whoomp! family, whoa whoomp! family, whoa whoomp! family, whoa the addams family something's strange, something's funny nanny's got a plot to get the family money makes fester fall for her thing gets wise, spreads the word the family comes to fester's aid the plot is foiled, no one gets paid it's the addams family runnin' things get back while tag team swings whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family it's a family thing, and it won't quit they keep it together, y'all, and that's it they're not ordinary, just strange some say loco, insane to the brain but you know that you love 'em in a class by theirselves none below, none above 'em it ain't nothing to be ashamed of so give love to the folks who go by the name of whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family the addams family theme, i'm gonna kick it step to the mic like cube and get with it props to the number one family of horror this song's for the movie and the dance floor tag team always delivers the funk from the old school, with the bump for the trunk and it umps, with big bass on the low like my homey all said you don't hear me, though whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family whoomp! addams family whoomp! the addams family