hey, t.i.p. pimpin' hey, shorty, why you gotta act like that? i'm sayin', i'm just tryin' to be nice to you go and tell a nigga no with a ass so fat hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that? in a relationship, been faithful to a nigga so wack hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that aye-aye can't help but notice how you glowing, i can see in yo' face now, i just wonder if he know he close to being replaced swear i treat you like a queen you put me in his place so you can give back his ring and the key to his place tell the nigga one thing, that you need your space selling niggas one thing, you don't need to chase i wanna kiss you everywhere between your knees and waist hear the sounds that you make and get your knees to shake holla at me in the a, you feel you need to escape i got a mansion and a gate, you with me and you safe a benz, a phantom and a truck with 23's the case 600 g's in the safe, how much cheese it take? this a chance you need to take, ain't no need to wait say the word, we can leave today, this song's special and it feel like fate, hate to make a mistake how the same thing making you sad making you stay? go and tell a nigga no with a ass so fat hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that? in a relationship, been faithful to a nigga so wack hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that aye-aye can he touch it like that, and make it feel like this? how i left and came back and it's still like this? do he hit it from the back and make you feel it in your chest? take advantage of what you're concealing in your dress? what, he think he too fresh to show that you the best? compliment you on your intellect and treat you with respect? give you sex 'til you sweat, tongue kissing on your neck? it's been awhile since she got it like this, i bet i can tell you ain't just another bitch i met ain't nobody got me open like this, not yet you confused, ain't decided which way you should go yet so how you keep saying no with your panties so wet? go and tell a nigga no with a ass so fat hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that? in a relationship, been faithful to a nigga so wack hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that aye-aye ay, this nigga playing mind games, man i think the time came that your mind changed, you understand? life is like a chess move you need to make your next move your best move keep it pimpin', you understand? hey i mean, you know what i'm saying i done showed you how i feel, you know what i'm saying i put myself all the way out there, you know the ball in your court, man but i just got a question for you is you happy? go and tell a nigga no with a ass so fat hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that? in a relationship, been faithful to a nigga so wack hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that aye-aye go and tell a nigga no with a ass so fat hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that? in a relationship, been faithful to a nigga so wack hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that, do that? hey-hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that aye-aye