i want to see you work out for me, work out for me ayy, we've got a good thing dont know if ima see you again but is that a good thing? 'cause girl, i cant be your man, no ma'am i know what's on your brain you probably hoped it never would end like, is it the real thing or is it just a one-night stand? well then let me see you get high, then go low now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor? im here for one night, how far will you go? i wanna see you  high, then go low now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor? im here for one night, how far will you go? i wanna see you  she like them boys with the big ol' chains ridin' around town in a big ol' range i knew her when i rocked big ol' jeans now the little nigga doin' big ol' thangs would you look at that? i came back for her just to give it to ya, like you asked for it man, that thing in them jeans too fat for her rebounds so i caught her off the backboard i told her baby girl, come here know i run the town even when i ain't from there. and i brag hardly, but just to show up at this party i made what yo' nigga make in one year that's unfair, but so is life, take a chance, roll the dice money cant buy you love, 'cause its overpriced dont overthink, just hope it's right im only here for the night ayy, we've got a good thing dont know if ima see you again but is that a good thing? 'cause girl, i cant be your man, no ma'am i know what's on your brain you probably hoped it never would end like, is it the real thing or is it just a one-night stand? well then let me see you get high, then go low now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor? im here for one night, how far will you go? i wanna see you  high, then go low now, girl, won't you drop that thing down to the floor? im here for one night, how far will you go? i wanna see you  carolina blue kicks, fresh on the scene hottest nigga on the block damn, girl, you're mean they be startin' shit, but its yo' world on my martin shit you go, girl! she bad and she know it some niggas save hoes, im not that heroic could you be my escort? 'cause just like them two door fords damn, they dont make 'em like you no more cole world, real cole world them boys coolme, im on fire know what's on my mind tryna see what's on yours tonight, tonight, tonight move slow, 'cause you wanna live fast up late so you'll probably skip class life is a test so before the night pass, get right, get right ayy, we've got a good thing dont know if ima see you again but is that a good thing? 'cause girl, i cant be your man, no ma'am i know what's on your brain you probably hoped it never would end like, is it the real thing or is it just a one-night stand? well then  straight up, now tell me do you really wanna love me forever?  or is it just a hit-and-run?  straight up, i tell ya i just really wanna cut when we together  come here, girl, let's get it on!  straight up, now tell me do you really wanna love me forever?  or is it just a hit-and-run? well straight up, i tell ya i just really wanna cut when we together  come here, girl, let's get it on!