young man, there's no need to feel down, i said young man, pick yourself off the ground, i said young man, 'cause you're in a new town there's no need to be unhappy young man, there's a place you can go, i said young man, when you're short on your dough you can stay there and i'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. they have everything for young men to enjoy you can hang out with all the boys it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. you can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal you can do whatever you feel young man, are you listening to me? i said young man, what do you want to be? i said young man, you can make real your dreams but you've got to know this one thing no man does it all by himself, i said young man, put your pride on the shelf and just go there, to the y.m.c.a. i'm sure they can help you today it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. they have everything for young men to enjoy you can hang out with all the boys it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. you can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal you can do whatever you feel young man, i was once in your shoes, i said i was down and out with the blues, i felt no man cared if i were alive i felt the whole world was so jive that's when someone came up to me and said young man, take a walk up the street it's a place there called the y.m.c.a. they can start you back on your way it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. they have everything for young men to enjoy you can hang out with all the boys y.m.c.a., it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. young man, young man, there's no need to feel down young man, young man, get yourself off the ground y.m.c.a., it's fun to stay at the y.m.c.a. young man, young man, are you listening to me? young man, young man, what do you wanna be? y.m.c.a., you'll find it at the y.m.c.a. no man, no man does it all by himself young man, young man, put your pride on the shelf y.m.c.a. and just go to the y.m.c.a. young man, young man, i was once in your shoes young man, young man, i was down with the blues y.m.c.a., it's fun to stay at the