darling, when you're next to me i melt i feel so weak it's getting hard to go to sleep this feeling on my mind it needs you, baby, to satisfy you can't turn me off not in the middle of turning me on i can't suddenly stop now you changed me from cold to hot oooh, now i'm ready to give you all the love i've got please don't leave me now can't you read it in my eyes this need i have to love? so don't tease me now.  please, please me now you can't turn me off, no not in the middle of turning me on.  i can't suddenly stop now each and every time we touch oooh, this feeling's too much take me to that special place you've gone too far to leave me so spaced, baby you won't tease me now.  you won't do nothing but please me now oh, oh yeah you can't turn me off, no not in the middle of turning me on and i can't suddenly stop now well, if you love me  like i love you then you'll do what i want you to do baby, please, you'll come and hold me in my loving arms and make my heart rush straight to the stars so don't tease me now, yeah you won't do nothing but please me now oh, oh yeah you can't turn me off, no not in the middle of turning me on and i can't suddenly stop, oooh, baby, yeah but i'm ready to learn, ready to learn, ready to learn hey, come on and give me, hey, the love i need come on and show me, yeah, the love i want because i'm ready to learn, ready to learn, ready to learn hey darling, you can't, you can't, you can't, you can't darling, you can't, you can't, you can't hey, stop turning me off stop turning me off start turning me on, turning me on, turning me on smack dab in the middle you can't turn me off not in the middle of turning me on.  i can't suddenly stop.  start turning me on.  you can't turn me off oh baby, yeah.  come on now, give it to me.  give it to me, give it to me.   hey, stop turning me off, turning me off, turning me off  hey, 'cause i'm ready to learn, ready to learn, ready to learn   i'm ready to learn  oh, please, babe  don't stop now, hey.  come on now, give it to me.   give it, give it, give it  give it to me