it's a major move right here, baby you gotta get with it or get lost, you understand? yeah, it's young lloyd reporting live from atlanta, georgia weezy f. baby, decatur where it's greater and uh, i want all my sexy ladies to report to the dance floor immediately we gon' golden glide this one y'all, big reese right off the bat ma, the boy got dollars so women come frequent like flight mileage it ain't no secret, i i might holla but i ain't gonna sweat ya, baby, i'ma let you catch up with your game, run faster don't let him lose you 'cause i ain't gon' bless ya unless you feeling a lil' desperate send a nigga a text message, girl stop, wait a minute the way you move that, girl you done got my heart all in it and i just wanna be with you tonight girl, please i'm a player, yeah, it's true but i change the game for you i wanna see what it do can i be for real? this is how i feel i'm in need of love so let's dip up out of here ooh, you're just my type everything's so right and i just wanna chill so let's dip up out of here let's dip up out of here ha, ha-ha ha, ha she's fine too but i want you ha, ha, ha-ha ha, ha she's fine too but i want you ill admit it this just ain't no game these just ain't words that i'm spitting if you could see the thoughts that's in my head i'm tripping  i'm a player, yeah, it's true but i'll change the game for you see what i do, ooh can i be for real? this is how i feel i'm in need of love so let's dip up out of here ooh, you're just my type everything's so right  and i just wanna chill so let's dip up out of here let's dip up out of here ha, ha-ha ha, ha she's fine too but i want you ha, ha, ha-ha ha, ha she's fine too but i want you yeah, weezy f. baby, the key to the ladies keys to the 'cedes, but please say the baby weed and patrn, even in the a.m we should be alone, we can get a day in you like what i'm saying, then come around the way and we can go inside and stay in tell the homeboy you staying, you've been taken gone, turn me on, and i'ma turn him  you know i love you like cooked food you know you fucking with a good dude you know you give good brain like you graduated from a good school you know i'm a good move, you should do me, so hey, shawty, what it is? tha carter who it is, and shawty do it big a party at my cribthat's a party in the hills you call it what you want, but she gon' call it what she feel ow! can i be for real? this is how i feel i'm in need of love so let's dip up out of here ooh, you're just my type everything's so right  and i just wanna chill so let's dip up out of here let's dip up out of here ha, ha-ha ha, ha she's fine too but i want you ha, ha, ha-ha ha, ha she's fine too but i want you i ain't nothing but a nonviolent nigga, you know what i mean? street love, big love, c'mon me and lil' lloyd, baby long hair, don't care yo, what up, ryan? i see you baby, yeah it's major moves right here, baby i ain't talking fastit's just, you listening slow, you know what i mean? you ain't tryna hear me, then don't heard me, i'm up outta here i ain't being mean, but you so mean in them jeans, you know what i mean? so what you want me to do? you