let's dance in style, let's dance for a while heaven can wait, we're only watching the skies hoping for the best but expecting the worst are you gonna drop the bomb or not? let us die young or let us live forever we don't have the power but we never say never sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip the music's for the sad men chorus mr. hudson  jay-z  forever young, i wanna be forever young do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?  forever young , i wanna be forever young   do you really want to live forever, forever? forever young  so we living life like a video  where the sun is always out and you never get old and the champagne's always cold and the music's always good and the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood and they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car without a wrinkle in today 'cause there's no tomorrow just a picture-perfect day that last a whole lifetime and it never ends 'cause all we have to do is hit rewind so let's just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine reminisce, talk some shit, forever young is in your mind leave a mark they can't erase, neither space nor time so when the director yells cut, i'll be fine i'm forever young forever young, i wanna be forever young do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever? forever young, i wanna be forever young  do you really want to live forever, forever? forever young fear not when, fear not why, fear not much while we're alive life is for living, not living uptight, 'til you're somewhere up in the sky fear not die, i'll be alive for a million years, bye bye's are not for legends, i'm forever young, my name shall survive through the darkest blocks, over kitchen stoves, over pyrex pots my name shall be passed down to generations while debating up in barbershops young slung, hung here, showed that a nigga from here with a little ambition, just what we can become here  and as the father pass the story down to his son's ears young'll get younger every year, yeah so if you love me, baby, this is how you let me know don't ever let me go, that's how you let me know, baby forever young, i wanna be forever young do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever? forever young, i wanna be forever young  do you really want to live forever, forever? forever young  slamming bentley doors, hopping outta porsches popping up on forbes' list, gorgeous  niggas thought i lost it, they be talking bullshit i be talking more shit, they nauseous  i'll be here forever, you know i'm on my fall shit and i ain't with foreclosure, i will never forfeit less than four bars, guru bring the chorus in did you get the picture yet? i'm painting you a portrait of young forever young, i wanna be forever young  do you really want to live forever, forever? forever young